This JOINT CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”), dated February 1, 2018 (the “Effective Date”), is made by and between WPT Enterprises, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with offices located at 1920 Main Street, Suite 1150, Irvine, CA 92614 (“WPT”), and ZYNGA INC., a Delaware corporation with offices located at 699 8th Street, San Francisco CA, 94103 (“Zynga US”) and ZYNGA GAME IRELAND LIMITED, a limited company organized under the laws of Ireland, resident in Ireland and having its registered office located at The Oval, Building One, Third Floor 160 Shelbourne Road Ballsbridge 4 Co. Dublin Ireland (“Zynga Ireland,” and together with Zynga US and their respective Affiliates, “Zynga”). In addition to the Definitions set forth in Section 1 of the Additional Provisions (attached and incorporated by reference), all capitalized terms used herein shall have the meanings set forth below. In consideration of the mutual promises herein contained and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties hereby agree as follows:

1. Joint Content License Relationship. Among other games, Zynga produces and distributes the ZYNGA POKER® game on a number of global platforms, including Apple iOS, Google Android, Facebook and the zynga.com website. The ZYNGA POKER® game features a Zynga Poker Tournaments Mode that Zynga can customize. Among other things, WPT is the creator of the World Poker Tour, WPT Tournaments and the WPT Invitational Tournaments. WPT Tournaments and WPT Invitational Tournaments are televised poker tournaments where a partner can promote its brand. The parties desire to work cooperatively, but independently, to use commercially reasonable efforts to engage in the marketing and promotional activities described in Exhibit A, including, but not limited to Zynga promoting the WPT brand in a WPT-branded Zynga Poker Tournament Mode, and WPT promoting the Zynga brand in WPT Tournaments and WPT Invitational Tournaments. This Agreement describes the terms of a content license and cooperative marketing relationship under which each party will independently or cooperatively engage in mutually agreed activities to promote each other’s products and services throughout the Territory (as defined below).

2. Territory. The Territory for this Agreement is worldwide, but not including Asian countries (including, but not limited to, Bangladesh, Bhutan, Brunei, Cambodia, East Timor, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Japan, Laos, Macau, Malaysia, Maldives, Mongolia, Myanmar, Nepal, North Korea, Pakistan, People’s Republic of China, Philippines, Singapore, South Korea, Sri Lanka, Taiwan, Thailand, Vietnam). The parties acknowledge and agree that the rights granted hereunder by Zynga (a) with respect to the United States are granted to, held and exercised by Zynga US and (b) with respect to all other parts of the Territory are granted to, held and exercised by Zynga Ireland. 1 Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

3. Term. This Agreement will be in effect for three (3) years from the Effective Date (“Initial Term”) unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement. This Agreement shall automatically extend for an additional two (2) years on the same terms herein (“Renewal Term”) provided WPT receives payments greater than twelve million U.S. dollars ($12,000,000) within the Initial Term. The Initial Term and any such Renewal Term are collectively referred to as the “Term.”

4. Annual Minimum Guarantee. Zynga will pay WPT three million U.S. dollars ($3,000,000) per year according to the following schedule (which the parties may alter upon mutual agreement) (the “Annual Minimum Guarantee”):

a. Within thirty (30) days of executing this Agreement: $1.5M

5. Royalty. Zynga will pay to WPT ten percent (10%) of the cumulative Net Revenue (as defined in Section 3.b. of the Additional Provisions) (“Royalty”) from the WPT-branded Zynga Poker Tournament Mode or other such use of the WPT brand on the Zynga platform. Zynga shall not be required to pay the Royalty to the extent offset by the Annual Minimum Guarantee payments previously paid to WPT during the Term. Conversely, Zynga shall not be required to make Annual Minimum Guarantee payments to the extent offset by the Royalty previously paid to WPT during the Term. The Additional Provisions and any attached Exhibits are incorporated by reference. Signature page to follow. 2 Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

Signature: ______________________ Signature: _________________________ Name: _________________________ Name: ____________________________ Title: __________________________ Title: _____________________________

Signature: ______________________ Name: _________________________ Title: __________________________ 3 Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

The following Additional Provisions form part of the Agreement dated February 1, 2018 entered into by and between ZYNGA INC. and ZYNGA GAME IRELAND LIMITED and their respective affiliates (“Zynga”), and WPT Enterprises, Inc. (“WPT”).

a. “Affiliate” means an entity, directly or indirectly, controlled by, controlling of, or under common control with a party, either now or in the future, and their respective successors and assigns.

b. “Artwork” means, without limitation, all pictorial, graphic, visual, audio, audio-visual, digital, literary, animated, artistic, dramatic, sculptural, musical or any other type of creation or application, whether finished or not, including, without limitation, animation, drawings, designs, sketches, images, illustrations, film, video, electronic, digitized or computerized information, software, object code, source code, on-line elements, music, text, dialogue, stories, visuals, effects, scripts, voiceovers, logos, one-sheets, promotional pieces, packaging, display materials, printed materials, photographs, interstitials, notes, shot logs, character profiles and translations.

c. “Agreement” means the Basic Provisions, these Additional Provisions, and any and all attached Exhibits.

d. “Licensed Property” means those specific trademarks, service marks, publicity rights, copyrights, intellectual property rights, and any other items set forth in this Agreement, which the parties may utilize in connection with the marketing and promotional activities in Exhibit A. A list of the Licensed Property for each party is described in Exhibit B.

e. “Annual Minimum Guarantee” means the guaranteed minimum amount due to WPT by Zynga in consideration of the rights granted herein, which amount may be recoupable from Royalties as set forth below and in the Basic Provisions.

f. “Royalty” means the amount(s) set forth in the Basic Provisions and calculated as described in the Additional Provisions.

g. “Term” means the term of this Agreement as set forth in the Basic Provisions.

h. “Territory” means the territory throughout which the parties are authorized to engage in the marketing and promotional activities as described in Exhibit A and in the Basic Provisions.

a. Materials. To the extent indicated on Exhibit A, each party will provide the other party with electronic files containing the Licensed Property of such party to be used under this Agreement, as specified in Exhibit B, if any.

b. License by Zynga. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Zynga grants to WPT a non-exclusive, non- assignable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, paid up, limited worldwide license to use and display Zynga’s Licensed Property solely as necessary to perform WPT’s obligations under this Agreement and as specifically described on Exhibit A, in any and all media now known or hereafter devised, for the Term (subject to Section 7.e. of Additional Provisions).

c. License by WPT. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, WPT grants to Zynga a non-exclusive, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, royalty-free, paid up, limited license in the Territory to use and display WPT’s Licensed Property solely as necessary to perform Zynga’s obligations under this Agreement and as specifically described on Exhibit A, for the Term.

d. Trademark Guidelines. In its use of the Licensed Property of the other party (“Licensee”), each party (“Licensor”) will comply with any trademark usage guidelines that Licensor may communicate to Licensee from time to time. Each use of Licensor’s marks by Licensee will be accompanied by the appropriate trademark symbol (either “™” or “®”) and a legend specifying that such marks are trademarks of Licensor as specified on Exhibit B, and will be in accordance with Licensor’s then-current trademark usage policies as provided in writing to Licensee from time to time. Licensee will provide Licensor with copies of any materials bearing any of Licensor's marks as requested by Licensor from time to time. If Licensee’s use of any of Licensor’s marks, or if any material bearing such marks, does not comply with the then-current trademark usage policies provided in writing by Licensor, Licensee will promptly remedy such deficiencies upon receipt of written notice of such deficiencies from Licensor. Other than the express licenses granted herein with respect to each Licensor’s marks, nothing herein will grant to Licensee any other right, title or interest in Licensor’s marks. All goodwill resulting from Licensee’s use of Licensor's marks will inure solely to Licensor. Each party recognizes the great value of the publicity and good will associated with the Licensed Property and acknowledges that: (a) such good will is exclusively that of Licensor or Licensee, as applicable; and (b) the Licensed Property have acquired a secondary meaning as trademarks and/or identifications of Licensor or Licensee, as applicable, in the mind of the purchasing public. Licensee will not, at any time during or after this Agreement, register, attempt to register, claim any interest in, contest the use of, or otherwise adversely affect the validity of any of Licensor’s marks (including, without limitation, any act or assistance to any act, which may infringe or lead to the infringement of any such marks). 4

e. Approvals. The Licensed Property shall be displayed or used only in such form and in such manner as has been approved in writing (which may be by email) by Licensor pursuant to this Section 2 and Licensee shall ensure its usage of the Licensed Property solely as approved. Throughout the Term, including any renewals or extensions (if applicable), Licensee shall comply with reasonable quality standards, style guides and clear specifications communicated to Licensee and rights of approval of Licensor set forth in this Section 2 with respect to any and all of its usage of the Licensed Property. Subject to Licensor’s prior written approval of any applicable Licensed Property (hereinafter the “Approved Content”), all Conforming Content will be deemed approved by Licensor. “Conforming Content” means any and all elements of the Approved Content which (i) do not represent deviations in quality, style, look-and-feel or other aspects of use from the Approved Content and (ii) are consistent with the aesthetic style or tone of the Approved Content. The parties will come to agreement with respect to Exhibit A as to whether prior written approval is needed in every instance or whether it is not needed after the first instance has been approved in writing (e.g., given exigencies in television production business, it is reasonable that Zynga would approve the use of its brand conceptually in elements of an episode but not need to re-approve the use in a similar manner for every episode the brand is used in; and similarly, given exigencies in the social gaming business, it is reasonable that WPT would approve use of its brand conceptually in elements of the Zynga platform but not need to re-approve the use in a similar manner for every poker tournament the brand is used in).

i. Licensee may use textual and/or pictorial matter pertaining to the Licensed Property on such promotional, display and advertising material as may, in Licensee’s reasonable judgment, promote the awareness, consumption and sale of the Licensed Property. All final advertising and promotional material using the Licensed Property must be submitted to Licensor for its prior written approval. All press releases respecting this Agreement or the relationship of the parties herein shall require prior written approval by the other party.

ii. Licensor will use commercially reasonable efforts to provide approval and/or feedback within five (5) business days after its receipt of a creative submission, or re-submission, with respect to the Licensed Property or marketing materials; provided that: (a) if Licensor declines to approve any submission or re-submission, then it shall provide reasonably detailed feedback in order to enable Licensee to modify the Licensed Property or marketing material accordingly in order to address Licensor’s concerns and obtain Licensor’s approval, and (b) if Licensor fails to (1) approve or (2) disapprove and provide feedback within such timeframe, then such submission or re-submission is deemed to have been approved. No approval may be unreasonably withdrawn by Licensor once delivered.

iii. Zynga shall advise WPT to Zynga’s knowledge as to which jurisdictions where it may be illegal to advertise Zynga’s Licensed Property (if any) given local laws or regulations.

iv. WPT or its affiliates shall not authorize a Zynga Competitor to commercially exploit the Licensed Property in connection with social poker gaming via a license similar to the license granted herein for the Term. A “Zynga Competitor” means: 1) Aristocrat Technologies Australia Pty Ltd. Or Big Fish Games, Inc.; 2) HUUUGE Inc.; 3) Activision Blizzard, Inc., King.com Ltd. Or King.com (US) LLC; 4) Scientific Games Corporation; 5) Tencent Holdings Limited; and 6) Murka Ltd. The parties agree to work together in good faith to amend the definition of a Zynga Competitor if that meaning for Zynga reasonably changes during the Term.

f. Reservation of Rights. The parties acknowledge and agree that, except for the rights and licenses expressly granted by each party to the other party under this Agreement, each party will retain all right, title and interest in and to its products, services, marks, copyrights or other intellectual property, and all content, information and other materials on its website(s), and nothing contained in this Agreement will be construed as conferring upon such party, by implication, operation of law or otherwise, any other license or other right.

a. Annual Minimum Guarantee. Zynga will pay to WPT the Annual Minimum Guarantee as set forth in the Basic Provisions. The Annual Minimum Guarantee shall be recoupable from such Royalties as are, or have become, paid to WPT. For clarification, the Annual Minimum Guarantee will operate as an advance payment, such that when accrued Royalties exceed the Annual Minimum Guarantee payments already paid, then the excess Royalties will be paid by Zynga to WPT.

b. Royalty. The Royalties to be paid by Zynga to WPT is the percentage of Net Revenue as set forth in Section 5 of the Basic Provisions. “Net Revenue(s)” shall be defined as one hundred percent (100%) of gross revenues and all other receivables of any kind whatsoever received by Zynga or any of Zynga’s affiliates attributable to the use of Paid Currency or in connection with the sale of Virtual Digital Goods derived from use of the WPT-brand on the Zynga platform, less the following actual and verifiable “Allowable Deductions”: (i) out-of-pocket, third-party payment processing and currency system fees, commissions, and platform distribution fees (e.g., Apple, Google or Facebook platform fees); (ii) any governmental taxes (e.g., VAT, excise or sales or use tax, etc.) arising in connection with related receipts, but excluding any taxes on Licensee’s net income; and (iii) charge- backs/refunds/cancellations/fraud. “Paid Currency” means virtual currency purchased using real money. “Virtual Digital Goods” means any virtual, digital representation of any actual or fictional thing or item within Zynga Poker, which is capable of being made available for distribution, placement, download or other display by electronic means. Any other deductions must be mutually agreed upon in advance and in writing by the parties. 5

c. Payment. All amounts payable and due will be made in U.S. dollars. If withholding taxes are required, Zynga may account for the required amount of such withholding taxes when calculating the Royalty or other payments payable prior to remittance to WPT. Zynga shall provide WPT with an official receipt or other equivalent documentation issued by the appropriate taxing authority or other evidence as is reasonably requested by WPT to establish that such taxes have been paid. Zynga shall pay all amounts accruing under this Agreement for any reporting period to WPT by check or wire transfer to the account specified by WPT in writing, concurrently with Zynga’s delivery of the applicable report under Section 3(d), provided that payments will only be paid if the amount owed to WPT for any reporting period is greater than five hundred dollars ($500.00). An amount due of less than five hundred dollars ($500.00) will be accumulated to the next payment and will be included in the amount to be paid to WPT on the next payment date, again provided that the amount owed to WPT in the subsequent month exceeds five hundred dollars ($500.00). Accumulated amounts do not accrue any interest.

d. Reporting. Zynga will, within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter, commencing with the first full calendar quarter following the Effective Date, furnish WPT with complete statements containing the following information with respect to all Net Revenue from the use of the WPT-brand on the Zynga platform, during the preceding period covered by such statement: the Territory; the amount due WPT (or the remaining unrecouped Annual Minimum Guarantee balance as applicable); Net Revenue; Royalties rate; the distribution channels or portals, the platform, the territory(ies), and itemized Allowable Deductions (“Royalty Statement(s)”). The amount shown to be payable to WPT shall be paid simultaneously with the rendition of the respective Royalty Statement. The statements and payments remitted hereunder shall be delivered to WPT via email to the following email address: Deborah.Frazzetta@wpt.com (ATTN: Deborah Frazzetta, VP, Finance.

e. Audit Rights. Zynga shall keep full, complete and accurate books of account and records (collectively “records”) covering all transactions relating to the subject matter of this Agreement in sufficient detail to enable the Royalties payable hereunder to be determined and verified. Zynga shall permit such records to be examined by authorized representatives of WPT, including such independent auditors as WPT may designate, during usual business hours, with advance notice, to verify to the extent necessary the Royalties paid hereunder, and WPT and its representatives shall use reasonable efforts to minimize disruptions to Zynga’s business. Prompt adjustment shall be made by Zynga to compensate for any errors or omissions disclosed by such examination. If the adjustment is more than $1,500 in favor, then out-of-pocket costs of such examination shall be borne by Zynga.

f. No Other Charges or Expenses. Neither party will be liable to pay the other party any other types of charges or expenses not agreed to in this Agreement or any related amendment signed by the Parties.

a. Each party represents and warrants to the other as follows: (i) it is duly authorized under applicable law and has the authority to enter into and perform this Agreement; (ii) this Agreement constitutes a valid and binding obligation of such party enforceable in accordance with its terms; (iii) the making of this Agreement by such party does not violate any agreement, right or obligation existing between such party and any third party; (iv) the marketing and promotional activities in Exhibit A shall not infringe or misappropriate third party rights, including, without limitation, any patent, trade name, trademark, copyright or other intellectual property or proprietary right and shall not invade or violate any right of privacy, publicity, personal or proprietary right, or other common law or statutory right, nor defame any person or entity in the United States and European Union (the “Principal Territories”), and to the knowledge of such party, outside the Principal Territories; provided that such party makes no representations regarding the Licensed Property or any other materials provided by Licensor as contemplated under this Agreement.

b. DISCLAIMER. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY REPRESENTATIONS

FROM ANY COURSE OF DEALING, COURSE OF PERFORMANCE OR USAGE IN THE INDUSTRY.

c. LIMITATIONS ON LIABILITY/NO INJUNCTIVE RELIEF. EXCEPT IN CASES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD, INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 5 OR BREACHES OF SECTION 2 (TRADEMARKS), 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), OR 9 (NO AGENCY RELATIONSHIP), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS

IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE NON-BREACHING PARTY BE ENTITLED TO EQUITABLE OR INJUNCTIVE RELIEF OF ANY KIND. 6 Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

a. WPT shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Zynga and its Affiliates, and the respective directors, officers and employees of the foregoing (the “Zynga Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all third party claims, actions, suits, costs, liabilities, judgments, obligations, losses, penalties, expenses or damages (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and expenses) of whatsoever kind and nature imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any of the Zynga Indemnified Parties arising out of:

(i) any breach or alleged breach by WPT of any representation, warranty or covenant made, by WPT pursuant to this Agreement; or (ii) WPT’s non-compliance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or with any applicable regulations in connection with its performance of this Agreement.

b. Zynga shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless WPT and its Affiliates, and the respective directors, officers and employees of the foregoing (the “WPT Indemnified Parties”) from and against any and all third party claims, actions, suits, costs, liabilities, judgments, obligations, losses, penalties, expenses or damages (including, without limitation, reasonable legal fees and expenses) of whatsoever kind and nature imposed on, incurred by or asserted against any of the WPT Indemnified Parties arising out: (i) any breach or alleged breach by Zynga of any representation, warranty or covenant made by Zynga pursuant to this Agreement; or (ii) Zynga’s non-compliance with any applicable federal, state or local laws or with any applicable regulations in connection with its performance of this Agreement.

c. In order to seek or receive indemnification hereunder in cases involving third-party claims the party seeking indemnification (the “Indemnified Party”) must have promptly notified the other (the “Indemnifying Party”) of any claim or litigation of which the Indemnified Party is aware and to which the indemnification relates; and the Indemnified Party must reasonably cooperate with Indemnifying Party in the defense or settlement of such claim or litigation. With regard to any claim or litigation to which the Indemnifying Party itself is not a party, the Indemnifying Party must have afforded the Indemnified Party the opportunity to participate in any compromise, settlement, litigation or other resolution or disposition of such claim or litigation.

a. Each party shall have the right at any time to terminate this Agreement without prejudice to any rights which it may have, whether pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or otherwise in law or in equity or otherwise, upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following events:

i. The other party breaches or fails to perform any of its material obligations provided for in this Agreement;

ii. The other party is unable to pay its debts when due, or makes any assignment for the benefit of creditors, or files any petition under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws of any jurisdiction, county or place, or has or suffers a receiver or trustee to be appointed for its business or property, or is adjudicated a bankrupt or an insolvent; or

iii. The other party asserts any rights in or to the terminating party’s intellectual property in violation of this Agreement.

a. In the event that any of these events of default should occur and a party elects to exercise its right to terminate this Agreement, such party shall give notice of termination in writing to the other party, which notice shall specify in reasonable detail the event(s) of default that give rise to such termination. The other party shall have thirty (30) days from the effective date of such notice in which to correct any such default(s) (except those which are not curable), and failing such correction by the end of such thirty (30) day cure period, this Agreement shall thereupon immediately terminate.

7. RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS UPON TERMINATION OR EXPIRATION. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement:

a. All rights granted to WPT by Zynga shall immediately revert to Zynga, and WPT shall promptly cease any and all marketing and promotional activities using Zynga’s Licensed Property.

b. All rights granted to Zynga by WPT shall immediately revert to WPT, and Zynga shall promptly cease any and all marketing and promotional activities using WPT’s Licensed Property.

c. Notwithstanding the foregoing, for each end user that previously downloaded a Zynga game that includes WPT’s Licensed Property, and stored such Zynga game within such end user’s device, WPT grants a license and right to continue to use, activate, operate, perform, store, use and display that game on the end user’s device in perpetuity at no additional charge; provided, however, that Zynga shall use best efforts to offer end users updates to its games which no longer include WPT’s Licensed Property after the Term.

d. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, nothing herein will obligate Zynga, any users of a Zynga game that includes WPT’s Licensed Property or any third party platform or distribution partners to remove from the publicly available content regarding Zynga services or any user accounts with Zynga, any of the references to user interactions, experience points, achievements, item purchases or other engagements or metrics in the Zynga game(s) that were generated prior to the expiration or termination of this Agreement. 7

e. Notwithstanding any termination of this Agreement, any Approved Content that includes Zynga’s Licensed Property may remain in perpetuity in any media in which such Licensed Property was integrated into during the Term (e.g., televised WPT Tournaments or WPT Invitational Tournaments, social media posts, repurposed integrations for “best of” television programs) or for historical purposes (e.g., reference on WPT’s website that Zynga-sponsored tour events took place as part of the tour).

f. Sections 1, 3-7, and 8-10 of the Additional Provisions shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.

8. CONFIDENTIALITY. The parties acknowledge and agree that the subject matter of this Agreement constitutes “Business Purpose” and this Agreement and any Exhibits hereunder are “Confidential Information” of the parties as defined as “Information” in the Non- Disclosure Agreement between the parties dated August 24, 2017, and accordingly the restrictions relating to confidentiality and use thereof provided in the Non-Disclosure Agreement apply to any party’s Confidential Information disclosed pursuant to this Agreement. In the event of a conflict between the Non-Disclosure Agreement and this Agreement, the terms of this Agreement will govern.

9. INDEPENDENT CONTRACTORS. The parties are independent contractors with respect to each other and nothing herein shall create any association, partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between them. Neither party shall have the right to obligate or bind the other party in any manner whatsoever, and nothing herein contained shall give, or is intended to give, any rights of any kind to any third persons.

a. Insurance. Each party agrees to carry liability insurance sufficient to cover the risks posed under this Agreement.

b. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be an original and all of which shall constitute together but one and the same document.

c. Notices. All notices and other communications given hereunder shall be in writing and shall be sent by courier service, express mail, personal delivery or mail to the respective addresses of the parties set forth above (or at such other address as such party may designate by notice to the other party). A copy of any notice to WPT shall also be sent to WPT Enterprises, Inc., ATTN: Legal, 1920 Main Street, Suite 1150, Irvine, CA 92614. A copy of any notice to Zynga shall also be sent to Office of the General Counsel, Zynga Inc., 699 8th Street, San Francisco, CA 94103 with a copy to legalnotices@zynga.com. Notice shall be deemed given as follows: upon delivery if sent by courier service, express mail or personal delivery; and five (5) days after the date of mailing, postage prepaid, certified or registered mail if sent by mail.

d. Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the full and complete understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the license granted hereunder and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, whether written or oral, pertaining thereto. This Agreement cannot be modified except by a written instrument signed by each party hereto.

e. Waiver. No waiver of any term or condition of this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other term or condition and no waiver of any default under this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any other default.

f. Force Majeure. In the event that either party is prevented from engaging in the marketing and promotional activities in Exhibit A manufacturing, distributing or selling the Licensed Property because of any act of God; unavoidable accident; fire, epidemic; strike, lockout, or other labor dispute; war, riot or civil commotion; act of public enemy; enactment of any rule, law, order or act of government or governmental instrumentality (whether federal, state, local or foreign); or other cause beyond such party’s control, and such condition continues for a period of two (2) months or more, either party hereto shall have the right to terminate this Agreement effective at any time during the continuation of such condition by giving the other party at least thirty (30) days’ notice to such effect. In such event, all payments made shall become immediately due and payable and this Agreement shall be automatically terminated.

g. Governing Law and Forum. This Agreement will for all purposes be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of California without giving effect to any conflict of laws principles that require the application of the laws of a different state. Each of the parties hereto (i) irrevocably agrees that the federal and state courts in the Northern District of California shall have sole and exclusive jurisdiction over any suit or other proceeding arising out of or based upon this Agreement, (ii) submits to the venue and jurisdiction of such courts, and (iii) irrevocably consents to personal jurisdiction by such courts.

h. Assignment. This Agreement shall bind and inure to the benefit of each party, its successors and assigns. Without the prior written consent of the other party, neither party shall assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to any third party, and any purported assignment without such prior written consent shall be null and void and of no force and effect; except that notice, but no consent shall be required for such assignment or transfer in connection with an internal reorganization or sale of the transferring party, including by merger or other business combination, or a sale of substantially all of the assets of the transferring party. None of either party’s rights hereunder shall devolve by operation of law or otherwise upon any receiver, liquidator, trustee or other party.

i. Severability. In case any one or more of the terms contained in this Agreement shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any respect, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining terms shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. The parties shall endeavor in good faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable terms with valid terms the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid, illegal or unenforceable terms. 8

(the parties mutually agree to provide additional details and commitments)

WPT shall promote the Zynga brand in the following activities: ● Prominent display of the Zynga or Zynga Poker brand in WPT Tournaments and WPT Invitational Tournaments, subject to venue approval, network approval and inventory space given existing sponsorship deals

Zynga shall promote the WPT brand in the following activities: ● Creation of a WPT-branded Zynga Poker Tournament Mode playable in the Zynga Poker game or other such use of the WPT brand on the Zynga platform as Zynga determines 9 Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

(the parties mutually agree to provide additional details on allowable IP)

● ZYNGA® ● ZYNGA POKER® 10 Source: ALLIED ESPORTS ENTERTAINMENT, INC., 8-K, 8/15/2019

THIS TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), made and entered into as of the [ ] day of [ ], 2020 (the “Effective Date”), by and between ARCONIC INC., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (“Licensee”) and ARCONIC ROLLED PRODUCTS CORP., a corporation organized under the laws of Delaware (“Licensor”). WHEREAS, Licensor and Licensee entered into a Separation and Distribution Agreement having an effective date of the [ ] day of [ ], 2020 (“Separation and Distribution Agreement”); unless specifically defined in this Agreement, any capitalized term in this Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Separation and Distribution Agreement. WHEREAS, Licensor formerly operated as a business unit of Licensee; WHEREAS, as part of and further to the Separation and Distribution Agreement: (a) Licensor and Licensee are now two separate publicly traded companies; and (b) Licensor was assigned all right, title, and interest to the trademark “ARMX” (the “Licensed Mark”); WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to license from Licensor the right to the Licensed Mark as hereinafter defined below; WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to obtain from Licensor, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement, the right and license to use, have used, manufacture, have manufactured, sell, have sold, advertise, have advertised, import, have imported, export, have exported, offer for sale, and have offered for sale the Licensed Products (later defined) using the Licensed Mark (the “Licensed Purpose”); WHEREAS, Licensor is willing to grant such rights, upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements, provisions and covenants contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows: 1 Source: ARCONIC ROLLED PRODUCTS CORP, 10-12B, 12/17/2019

1.1 Grant of License. Licensor on behalf of itself and its Affliates hereby grants to Licensee the limited licenses to use and have used the Licensed Mark: (i) for the Licensed Products as set forth on Schedule 2; and (ii) as set forth on Schedule 1, concerning agreements entered into by Licensee prior to the Effective Date (“Existing Agreements”). For the avoidance of doubt, Licensor also grants to Licensee and its subsidiaries and affiliates a non-exclusive, worldwide royalty-free license for continued use of the Licensed Mark for the production and sale of inventory containing the Licensed Mark applied to such products during the Transition Period as set forth in section 8.2 of the Separation and Distribution Agreement and in Schedule 2 of this Agreement. Licensee will not, however, use the Licensed Mark except for the production and sale of inventory as provided in this Section 1.1 and in Section 8.2 of the Separation and Distribution Agreement and Schedule 2 of this Agreement. For avoidance of doubt, to the extent that any of the licenses granted by the terms of this Agreement include any right to sublicense, such right to sublicense shall extend to Licensee’s subsidiaries and joint venturers.

1.2 Goodwill. Licensee expressly recognizes and acknowledges that its use of the Licensed Mark shall inure solely to the benefit of Licensor, and shall not confer on Licensee any ownership rights to the Licensed Mark. Licensee agrees and covenants that it shall not challenge, contest, or take any actions inconsistent with Licensor’s exclusive rights of ownership of the Licensed Mark.

1.3 Trademark Notices. All print and electronic displays of the Licensed Mark by Licensee shall include at Licensor’s option, a notice to the effect that the Licensed Mark are owned by Licensor and used by Licensee under license from Licensor.

1.4 Licensee Cooperation. Licensee agrees to reasonably cooperate with Licensor in achieving registration of the Licensed Mark worldwide, and in maintaining and protecting existing registrations therefor at Licensor’s sole expense. Licensee shall execute any and all documents which Licensor may reasonably request in support of such registrations, and, at Licensor’s request, Licensee shall provide use evidence, testimony, and documentation that may be required in any ex parte or inter partes administrative proceedings and prosecutions, maintenance and renewals involving registrations of the Licensed Mark, at Licensee’s sole expense.

1.5 Quality Control, Licensor Approvals. Licensor, as owner of the Licensed Mark, shall have the right at all times to control and approve the nature and quality of the Licensed Products (and the Licensed Mark thereon), and to inspect Licensee’s business operations upon reasonable prior notice for the purpose of ensuring that a high level of quality of the Licensed Products is being maintained by Licensee. At Licensor’s reasonable request during each calendar year, Licensee shall submit samples to Licensor, at no cost to Licensor, and shall not materially depart therefrom without Licensor’s prior express written consent. The Licensed Products, as well as all promotional, packaging and advertising material relative thereto, shall include all appropriate legal notices as required by Licensor. No more frequently than once per year, a third party auditor chosen by Licensor and approved by Licensee, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, shall be entitled at any time on reasonable notice to the Licensee to enter, during regular business hours, any premises used by the Licensee or its manufacturers for the manufacture, packaging or storage of the Licensed Products, to inspect such premises, all plant, workforce and machinery used for manufacture, packaging or storage of Licensed Products and all other aspects of the manufacture, packaging and storage of Licensed Products (“Access Rights”). Prior to exercising such Access Rights, the third party auditor shall enter into a nondisclosure agreement with Licensee that, among other terms deemed acceptable by Licensee and such third party auditor, shall: (a) limit the content of any report made by the third party auditor to Licensor to a description of the manner in which, and the conditions under which, the Licensed Mark are used by Licensee or its manufacturers; and (b) prevent the disclosure of any of Licensee’s trade secrets and/or Confidential Information. To the extent reasonably practicable, all Licensed Products shall include notices on labeling and packaging for the Licensed Products stating that the Licensed Mark is owned by Licensor and used by Licensee under license from Licensor. The Licensed Products shall be of a quality commensurate with previous production or the samples approved by Licensor. If the quality of a class of the Licensed Products falls below such standards, Licensee shall use commercially reasonable efforts to restore such quality. In the event that Licensee has not taken appropriate steps to restore such quality within one-hundred twenty (120) days after notification by Licensor, Licensor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement. 2

1.6 Compliance with Trademark Usage Guidelines. Licensee agrees to comply with Licensor’s trademark usage guidelines and any other policies and requirements applicable to the Licensed Mark.

If legally able and without breaching any confidentiality provisions of a contract with a third party, in the event that Licensee becomes aware that any third party is infringing the Licensed Mark, Licensee shall promptly notify Licensor and provide pertinent details. Licensor shall have the right in its sole discretion to bring a legal action for infringement against the third party, together with the right to enforce and collect any judgment thereon. If Licensor elects to exercise such right, Licensee shall, at Licensor’s request, provide reasonable assistance to Licensor, at the sole expense of Licensor.

Licensee shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and its officers, directors, employees, agents, corporate subsidiaries, parents, and affiliates (“Licensor Indemnitees”) from and against any and all demands, claims, actions or causes of action, assessments, deficiencies, damages, losses, liabilities and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable expenses of investigation and attorneys’ fees and expenses), incurred in conjunction with or arising out of or relating to any third-party claim concerning the Licensed Products and any acts or omissions of Licensee with respect to the Licensed Mark, including without limitation Licensee’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement. The Licensor Indemnitees agree to cooperate with Licensee, at Licensee’s expense, to provide copies of any documents or materials reasonably requested by Licensee in support of its defense of the Licensor Indemnitees.

4.1 Term. The Term of this Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for the time periods set forth in Schedules 1 and 2 unless sooner terminated in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

4.2 Termination for Breach. Licensor and Licensee will be entitled to terminate this Agreement by written notice to the other party in the event the other party is in material breach of any of its obligations hereunder and shall fail to remedy any such default within one hundred twenty (120) days after notice thereof by the non-breaching party.

4.3 Termination Upon Bankruptcy. Either party may terminate this Agreement by written notice to the other in the event of: (a) the other party’s making assignment for the benefit of its creditors or filing a voluntary petition under any bankruptcy or insolvency law, under the reorganization or arrangement provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code, or under the provisions of any law of like import; or (b) the filing of an involuntary petition against the other party under any bankruptcy or insolvency law, under the reorganization or arrangement provisions of the United States Bankruptcy Code, or under any law of like import; or (c) the appointment of a trustee or receiver for the party or its property. 3

4.4 Survival of Obligations; Return of Confidential Information. Notwithstanding any expiration or termination of this Agreement, Sections 1.4, 3, 4.4, 5.1, 5.2, and 6.1 through 6.11 shall survive and continue to be enforceable as set forth herein. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall promptly return to Licensor, or at Licensor’s direction, destroy all Licensor confidential information and all copies thereof in Licensee’s possession.

5.1 Licensor represents and warrants to Licensee that Licensor’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement is not in conflict with, and will not result in a breach of or constitute a default under, any other contract, instrument, rule of law or order of any court or governmental agency to which Licensor is a party or by which Licensor is bound.

5.2 Licensee represents and warrants to Licensor that Licensee’s performance of its obligations under this Agreement are not in conflict with, and will not result in a breach of or constitute a default under, any other contract, instrument, rule of law or order of any court or governmental agency to which Licensee is a party or by which Licensee is bound.

5.3 No Warranty. But for the warranty set forth in section 5.1., supra, Licensor, by this Agreement, makes no warranties or guarantees, either express or implied, arising by law or otherwise with regard to the Licensed Mark and/or the Licensed Products. In particular, Licensor assumes no obligation and makes no representations or warranties hereunder, express or implied, in law or in fact, with respect to: (i) the utility, quality or characteristics of the Licensed Mark or any use, embodiment, or modification thereof; (ii) the use of any Licensed Product, embodiments, or modifications thereof, or (iii) whether such Licensed Products, or any use, embodiments, or modifications thereof, would be in compliance with any federal, state or local laws, regulations, standards or criteria with respect to any claim which may arise in connection with any sale or use of Licensed Products. LICENSOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS, AND WILL HAVE NO OBLIGATION OR LIABILITY FROM THIS AGREEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE LICENSED MARK FOR ANY: (1) IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY; (2) IMPLIED WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE; (3) IMPLIED WARRANTY OF NONINFRINGEMENT; AND (4) IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY OTHER TYPE.

6.1 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware without regard to its conflicts of law principles.

6.2 Jurisdiction and Venue. Each of the parties: (a) submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of any state or federal court sitting in Wilmington, Delaware for any action or proceeding arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement; (b) agrees that all claims in respect of the action or proceeding may be heard and determined in any such court; and (c) agrees not to bring any action or proceeding arising out of, or relating to, this Agreement in any other court. Each of the parties hereto waives any defense of inconvenient forum to the maintenance of any action or proceeding so brought and waives any bond, surety or other security that might be required of any other party with respect thereto. Each party agrees that a final judgment in any action or proceeding so brought will be conclusive and may be enforced by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law or at equity. 4

6.3 Waiver. The waiver by one party of a breach or a default of any provision of this Agreement by the other party shall not be construed as a waiver of any succeeding breach of the same or any other provision, nor shall any delay or omission on the part of a party to exercise or avail itself of any right, power or privilege that it has or may have hereunder operate as a waiver of any right, power or privilege by such party.

6.4 Waiver of Jury Trial. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY

6.5 Notices. Any notice or other communication under this Agreement shall be effective when: (a) delivered in person; (b) if mailed, when deposited in the mail by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested; or (c) if delivered by overnight mail by a recognized overnight carrier (e.g., FedEx, UPS, DHL). All such notices and other communications shall be addressed to the other party as follows: If to Licensor: If to Licensee: Arconic Inc. Arconic Rolled Products Corp. 201 Isabella Street 201 Isabella Street Pittsburgh, PA 15212 Pittsburgh, PA 15212 Attn.: General Counsel Attn: General Counsel

6.6 No Agency. Nothing herein shall be deemed to constitute Licensor, on the one hand, or Licensee, on the other hand, as the agent or representative of the other, or as joint venturers or partners for any purpose. Neither Licensor, on the one hand, nor Licensee, on the other hand, shall be responsible for the acts or omissions of the other. No party will have authority to speak for, represent or obligate the other party in any way without prior written authority from such other party.

6.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Separation and Distribution Agreement together contain the full understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior understandings and writings relating thereto. No waiver, alteration or modification of any of the provisions hereof shall be binding unless made in writing and signed by the parties.

6.8 Headings. The headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not be considered in construing this Agreement. 5

6.9 Severability. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable because it is invalid or in conflict with any law of any relevant jurisdiction, the validity of the remaining provisions shall not be affected and the invalid provision shall be severed herefrom.

6.10 Assignment. This Agreement may not be assigned by Licensee without the consent of Licensor which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no such consent of Licensor is required under this Agreement in the event of a Change of Control of Licensee so long as: (a) the resulting, surviving or transferee Person assumes all the obligations of the Licensee by operation of Law or pursuant to an agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Licensor; and (b) the licenses granted herein shall not be transferrable or sublicensable to Affiliates of such Person unless such Affiliates were Affiliates of Licensee prior to such Change of Control.

6.11 Counterparts; Images Signatures. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of such together shall constitute one and the same instrument. Scanned PDF copies of signatures and facsimile copies of signatures may be deemed original signatures. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective authorized officers as of the Effective Date.

Exhibit 10.5 CERTAIN CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION CONTAINED IN THIS DOCUMENT, MARKED BY […***…], HAS BEEN OMITTED BECAUSE ARTARA THERAPEUTICS, INC. HAS DETERMINED THE INFORMATION (I) IS NOT MATERIAL AND (II) WOULD LIKELY CAUSE COMPETITIVE HARM TO ARTARA THERAPEUTICS, INC. IF PUBLICLY DISCLOSED.

This Sponsored Research and License Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into on November 28, 2018 (the “Effective Date”), by and between ArTara, Inc. located at 1 Little West 12th Street, New York, NY 10014 (“ArTara”), and The University of Iowa, located at c/o Division of Sponsored Programs, 2 Gilmore Hall, Iowa City, IA 52242 (“University”). ArTara and University may individually be referred to herein as a “Party,” and collectively as “Parties.” WI T N E S S E T H: WHEREAS, ArTara is engaged in the development of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of serious rare diseases; WHEREAS, University is engaged in clinical research to improve the diagnosis and treatment of lymphangioma (LM) using OK-432 (as defined below), a pharmaceutical product not approved by regulatory authorities in the United States; WHEREAS, University is engaged in a clinical research Program (as defined below) and with Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd., 1-1 Nihonbashi 2-Chome, Chuo-ku, Tokyo, 103-8324 Japan, and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Chugai Pharma U.S.A, LLC 300 Connell Drive, Suite 3100, Berkeley Heights, New Jersey 07922 (collectively “Chugai”), the product manufacturer; WHEREAS, Principal Investigator (as defined below) of the Program is an employee of the University and holds the IND (as defined below) approved by the FDA (as defined below) for OK-432 under BB-IND#5266; WHEREAS, ArTara wishes to develop and submit for regulatory approval, TARA-002, a proposed product that will be biosimilar to OK-

WHEREAS, ArTara wishes to use the Program Data (as defined below) collected from the Program, conduct research analysis of the Data and potentially rely on said Program Data to support Regulatory Approvals (as defined below) for TARA-002 in the Territory (as defined below); and WHEREAS, the copying, review and analysis of Program Data for the Project (as defined below) contemplated by this Agreement is of mutual interest and benefit to University and ArTara. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises and the mutual covenants and agreements contained herein, the Parties agree as follows:

1.1 “Affiliates” of a person or entity means any other entity which (directly or indirectly) is controlled by, controls or is under common control with such person or entity. For the purposes of this definition, the term “control” (including, with correlative meanings, the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) as used with respect to an entity will mean (i) in the case of a corporate entity, direct or indirect ownership of voting securities entitled to cast at least fifty percent (50%) of the votes in the election of directors, or (ii) in the case of a non-corporate entity, direct or indirect ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the equity interests with the power to direct the management and policies of such entity, provided that if local law restricts foreign ownership, control will be established by direct or indirect ownership of the maximum ownership percentage that may, under such local law, be owned by foreign interests. 1

1.2 “CRO” means a contract research organization selected by ArTara to assist in the Project as approved by the University and/or Principal Investigator, such approval not to be unreasonably delayed or withheld.

1.3 “FDA” means the United States Food and Drug Administration.

1.4 “Field” means all therapeutic, diagnostic and prophylactic uses of the Product(s).

1.5 “First Commercial Sale” means the first sale for use or consumption for which revenue has been recognized of Product in a country or territory after all required Regulatory Approvals for commercial sale of Product have been obtained in such country or territory.

1.6 “ICH-GCP’s” means the International Conference on Harmonization and Good Clinical Practice Guidelines as adopted in the applicable FDA regulations.

1.7 “Indication” means treatment of lymphangioma (also known as lymphatic malformations) in humans.

1.8 “IND” means University filed investigational new drug application on file with the FDA (BB-IND#5266) for OK-432 for the Indication.

1.9 “Net Sales” means, with respect to the Product, the gross invoiced sales price payable to ArTara and/or its Affiliates and their respective licensees and sublicensees for sales anywhere in the world of the Product to a third party, less:

(a) discounts (including cash, quantity and patient program discounts), retroactive price reductions, charge-back payments and rebates granted to managed health care organizations or to federal, state and local governments, their agencies, and purchasers and reimbursers or to trade customers;

(b) credits or allowances actually, not to exceed the original invoice amount, granted upon claims, damaged goods, rejections or returns of the Product, including the Product returned in connection with recalls or withdrawals;

(c) freight out, postage, shipping and insurance charges for delivery of the Product if charged separately and include in the gross receipts; and

(d) taxes or duties, excluding income taxes and value-added taxes, levied on, absorbed or otherwise imposed on the sale of the Product, including governmental charges otherwise imposed upon the billed amount, as adjusted for rebates and refunds, provided that such are included in gross receipts and are paid to and/or its Affiliates and their respective licensees and sublicensees. 2

1.10 “OK-432” means Picibanil (OK-432), a lyophilized mixture of group A Streptococcus pyogenes developed by Chugai and that has been approved by applicable Japanese pharmaceutical regulatory authorities for the treatment of the Indication.

1.13 “Program” means collectively, the clinical research studies investigating the efficacy and safety of OK-432 for the Indication conducted by Principal Investigator in collaboration with multiple sites in the United States and the University expanded access program performed by Principal Investigator designed to improve the diagnosis and treatment of the Indication using OK-432.

1.14 “Program Data” means the data set forth on Exhibit A including all case reports forms, source data, and safety data in the possession of or available to University arising from the Program and any other data and information included in the IND.

1.15 “Project” shall mean the compilation and available statistical analyses of the Program Data as described in the Project Plan, which is summarized in Section 2.2.

1.16 “Project Documentation” shall mean the documentation created and generated by ArTara and CRO in the conduct of the Project that incorporates or is based upon Program Data.

1.17 “Project Plan” means the plan for the Project mutually agreed upon by the Parties as summarized in Section 2.2.

1.18 “Right of Reference” means the authority to rely upon, and otherwise use, an investigation for the purpose of obtaining Regulatory Approvals, including the ability to make available the underlying raw (source) data from the investigation for audit, if necessary.

1.19 “Regulatory Approvals” means the medical, technical and scientific licenses, registrations, authorizations and approvals (including without limitation, approvals of IND’s, New Drug Applications (“NDA’s”) and equivalents, supplements and amendments, pre- and post- approvals, pricing and third-party reimbursements approvals and labeling approvals) for the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products.

1.20 “Regulatory Authorities” means any applicable national, regional, state or local regulatory agency, department, bureau, commission, council or other governmental entity, necessary for the development, manufacture, distribution, marketing, promotion, offer for sale, use, import, export or sale of a pharmaceutical product in a regulatory jurisdiction.

1.21 “Regulatory Filings” means collectively, IND’s, Product License Applications, Drug Master Files, NDA’s, Biological License Applications (“BLAs”) including supportive and annual filings and/or any other equivalent or comparable filings as may be required by Regulatory Authorities to obtain Regulatory Approvals.

1.22 “Royalty” means the royalty on Net Sales of Product in the Indication, as set forth in Article Three below. 3

1.23 “TARA-002” means the ArTara pharmaceutical product intended to be similar to or biosimilar to OK-432.

2.1 Performance of Project. The University and/or Principal Investigator together with ArTara and the CRO will conduct the Project in accordance with the Project Plan and will use all reasonable endeavors consistent with their expertise to successfully complete the Project. It is the goal of the Project to use the Program Data as clinical support for Product Regulatory Filings and to gain approval to commercialize the Product for the Indication in the Territory.

2.2 Project Plan. The Project Plan as approved by each of the Parties may be modified or amended only upon mutual agreement of each of the Parties. The Project will consist of three phases:

(a) Phase I: University and/or Principal Investigator will provide access to the Program Data to ArTara and the CRO at the University’s facilities. ArTara and the CRO will be allowed to make complete copies of the original Program Data for the purposes of off-site data entry and storage, all as and only to the extent needed to support ArTara’s efforts to accomplish the Project. University will provide ArTara and CRO the opportunity to examine the originals of medical records and supporting records for the Program Data at the University during normal business hours and at mutually agreeable times. University and Principal Investigator will also provide to ArTara contact information for other participating investigators and research sites that have contributed data to the Program. University will retain all Program Data for the sooner to occur of a New Drug Application (NDA) for the Product being approved or ten (10) years from the Effective Date. ArTara will bear any costs related to necessary long-term on or off-site storage of the Program Data, medical records and/or supporting records. ArTara understands that separate engagement agreements may be required by collaborating third party entities and associated principal investigators and University will assist ArTara in obtaining such agreements. It is understood that the goal of Phase I is a feasibility analysis of the Program Data to support Regulatory Filings in the United States.

(b) Phase II: University recognizes that because of ArTara’s unfamiliarity with the Program Data database, assistance from the Principal Investigator and other research and medical employees of the University may from time to time be needed for ArTara to query and analyze the Program Data database as needed to achieve successful presentation to applicable Regulatory Authorities and submission of Regulatory Filings. ArTara will endeavor to minimize University resources required during Phase II. The goal of Phase II will be to compile the Project Documentation.

(c) Phase III: CRO will convert Program Data to eCTD format for submission to Regulatory Authorities. University recognizes that ArTara may receive specific data requests from Regulatory Authorities in connection with ArTara’s presentations of Program Data to support Regulatory Filings. University will assist ArTara in responding to such requests for data or access to source data from Regulatory Authorities. ArTara agrees to notify University of such requests as soon as is practicable. The goal of Phase III will be filing of a BLA based on Project Documentation and response to Regulatory Authorities. 4

(d) Phase IV Optional: Upon mutual written agreement of University and ArTara, ArTara may sponsor, and University may conduct, new Product or Product-related clinical studies (for example, follow-up studies) to support the goal of the Project or as may be useful for gaining or maintaining Regulatory Approvals for the Product for the Indication. Any such studies will be at the sole discretion of each Party subject to terms and conditions to be mutually agreed upon in agreements separate from this Agreement. Richard Smith, MD will be given first consideration as a principal investigator for all new Product or Product- related clinical studies, in addition to other sites provided final site selection will be based on the best interest of the Project.

(e) Phase V: Publication: Collected data from the Project will be used to write a paper by the University and/or Principal Investigator (the “Publication”) as a follow up to the publication in 2009 (Smith MC, Zimmerman MB, Burke DK, Bauman NM, Sato Y, Smith RJ; OK-432 Collaborative Study Group. Efficacy and safety of OK-432 immunotherapy of lymphatic malformations. Laryngoscope. 2009Jan;119(1):107-15. doi: 10.1002/lary.20041. PubMed PMID: 19117316). (the “Publication”). The Publication will be in accordance with the terms in Article 5 herein.

2.3 Project Management. During the term of this Agreement, the Principal Investigator and and/or his authorized representative and ArTara authorized representatives will meet as necessary to consult with one another and discuss the progress and results of the Project and any modifications to the Project Plan. Consultation by either Party shall be by means of personal visits, correspondence and telephone calls, all as appear reasonable and necessary and are mutually agreed upon by the Principal Investigator and ArTara.

3.1 Funding. During the term of the Project in accordance with the Project Plan, ArTara will provide thirty thousand dollars (US $30,000) per year in funding for the Project, taking into consideration the time spent by University employees required for the Project. The Parties agree to discuss in good faith potential additional funding required for completion of the Project as applicable and necessary.

3.2 Approval Milestone based on Data Value: Within forty-five (45) days of an approval of the TARA-002 BLA by the FDA, ArTara will pay a one- time approval milestone to University pursuant to the usefulness of the Program Data in TARA-002’s BLA filing, as set forth below: Official Feedback from FDA regarding the Program Data Milestone […***…] $[…***…] […***…] $[…***…] […***…] $[…***…] […***…] […***…]

3.3 Royalties. Royalties will be payable by ArTara on Net Sales of Product in the Indication. ArTara will, no later than […***…] following the close of each calendar quarter, pay tiered Royalties based on annual Net Sales of Product in the Indication as set forth below:

Annual Net Sales of Product for the Annual Royalty Rate Percent Net Indication Sales $0 - $25,000,000 1.75% >$25,000,000 - $50,000,000 2.25% >$50,000,000 2.50%

3.4 Royalty Reduction. In the event the Regulatory Authorities determine that the Program Data is not sufficient for Regulatory Approvals on its own and additional pediatric efficacy and safety clinical studies are required, Royalties set forth above will be reduced by […***…] percent ([… ***…]%).

3.5 Sales Milestone Payments. In the event that Annual Net Sales, as detailed in Section 3.3, surpass certain thresholds, ArTara will make the following payments no later than […***…] following the close of the calendar quarter in which each milestone is reached as set forth below:

Annual Net Sales of Product for the Milestone Payment Indication Exceeds $25,000,000 $62,500 $50,000,000 $62,500 $100,000,000 $125,000

3.6 Payments. All payments under Articles 3.2, 3.3 and 3.5 shall be sent to the following address: Checks will be sent to: The University of Iowa Research Foundation ATTN: Accounting 6 Gilmore Hall 112 North Capitol St. Iowa City, IA 52242-5500 Wire transfers will be sent to: […***…] 6

(a) Program Data. Access to all original Program Data shall be provided to ArTara and the CRO at University’s facilities in accordance with the Project Plan for the purposes of review and copying as and only to the extent needed to support ArTara’s efforts to accomplish the Project. As between ArTara and the University, ownership of all Program Data is hereby retained by the University.

(b) Project Documentation. All Project Documentation shall be owned by ArTara to the extent publishable in accordance with Section 5 herein, except that ownership of any and all Program Data incorporated into Project Documentation shall as between ArTara and the University remain with the University. University may use all Project Documentation without royalty obligation for patient care and for its own internal teaching, research, and educational purposes, for publication to the extent permitted under Section 5 herein, and for the purpose of complying with any federal, state, or local laws or regulations. All medical records that support the Program Data and Project Documentation shall remain the property of the University.

4.2 License. University hereby grants to ArTara an exclusive license to use the Program Data solely for the Project and in Regulatory Filings in the Field in the Territory.

4.3 Right of Reference and IND Assignment. University hereby grants to ArTara an exclusive Right of Reference to all Program Regulatory Filings by University in support of the Product. Upon written request of ArTara, University will assign the IND to ArTara.

4.4 Intellectual Property. All intellectual property or patentable inventions arising out of or in connection with the Project which is discovered or invented solely by the University and/or Principal Investigator shall be the exclusive property of the University (“University Intellectual Property”). All intellectual property or patentable inventions arising out of or in connection with the Project which is discovered or invented solely by or on behalf of ArTara shall be the exclusive property of ArTara. All intellectual property or patentable inventions arising out of or in connection with the Project that are discovered or invented jointly by Principal Investigator and ArTara shall be considered Joint Intellectual Property and shall be jointly owned by the University and ArTara. 7

5.1 Confidentiality. During the term of this Agreement and for a period of seven (7) years after its termination or expiration each Party (the “Receiving Party”) shall maintain in confidence and, except as authorized by this Agreement, not use any know-how, data, processes, techniques, formulas, test data and other information disclosed by the other Party (the “Disclosing Party”) and which for any of the foregoing, if written, is marked “Confidential” by the Disclosing Party or, if verbal or visual, is identified in writing as “Confidential” at the time of disclosure and reduced to writing by the Disclosing Party within thirty (30) days of the verbal or visual disclosure (“Confidential Information”).

5.2 Exceptions. The obligations of confidentiality and non-use set forth in paragraph 5.1 shall not apply to the extent that it can be established by Receiving Party that the information:

(a) was already known to Receiving Party without restriction at the time of disclosure;

(b) was generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain at the time of its disclosure;

(c) became generally available to the public or otherwise part of the public domain after its disclosure to Receiving Party through no breach of this Agreement by Receiving Party;

(d) was disclosed to Receiving Party without restriction by a third party who had no known obligation to not to disclose such information;

(e) was independently developed by Receiving Party without the use of Confidential Information;

(f) was required to be disclosed by operation of law or court order; or

(g) Disclosing Party gave prior written consent to Receiving Party to disclose such Confidential Information.

5.3 Return of Confidential Information. In the event the Disclosing Party requests in writing the return of Confidential Information, the Receiving Party shall return such Confidential Information to Disclosing Party with the exception of one copy, which may be retained for archival purposes.

5.4 Publication. The University and ArTara each agree to treat matters of authorship of the Publication in a proper collaborative spirit and following guidelines and policies in accordance with the University of Iowa’s Operations Manual which may be found at: https://opsmanual.uiowa.edu/. It is anticipated that employees of the University will be first and senior authors on the Publication, but it is understood that final authorship will be determined in accordance with all applicable laws and regulations in publication practice, including Section 6002 of the Affordable Care Act a/k/a Sunshine Act and with ICMJE (International Committee of Medical Journal Editors) guidelines, standard scientific practice and journal guidelines. University and/or Principal Investigator shall provide ArTara with a copy of any proposed Publication for review and comment at least […***…] prior to submission thereof for publication. ArTara shall have […***…], after receipt of said copy to object to such proposed Publication because there is Confidential Information which needs protection. In the event that ArTara makes such objection, University and/or Principal Investigator shall refrain from submitting such Publication for a maximum of […***…] from date of receipt of such objection in order for ArTara to file patent application(s) directed to patentable subject matter contained in the proposed Publication. If in its review, ArTara identifies information it considers to be its Confidential Information, ArTara may require redaction of that Confidential Information; provided, however, that ArTara shall not require removal of information necessary for complete and accurate presentation and interpretation of the Program Data and results. The Publication shall occur within […***…] of the date the Project is closed or terminated, or University and/or Principal Investigator shall be free to publish Program Data and results at that time. 8

(a) The Program is being, and has been, conducted in accordance with all applicable local, state and federal laws, and regulations, including, but not limited to, the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act and the regulations of the FDA, International Conference on Harmonization Good Clinical Practices as adopted in the applicable FDA regulations (“GCP’s”), and the Form FDA 1572 Statements of Investigators.

(b) The Program is being and has been conducted in accordance with all applicable medical privacy laws or regulations, including without limitation, by obtaining any required subject informed consent to allow ArTara and ArTara’s authorized representatives, FDA and other Regulatory Authorities access to and use of enrolled subjects’ medical information as may be necessary for ArTara to receive and use Program Data under this Agreement.

(c) The clinical studies included in the Program are and have been conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol associated with the BB-IND#5266 held by the Principal Investigator.

(d) University represents that informed consent was required from all individual subjects prior to enrollment in the Program, and that the Program was approved by the Institutional Review Board of the University.

(e) University represents that it is authorized to enter into this Agreement and that the terms of this Agreement are consistent with the rules, regulations, policies and/or guidelines of University.

(f) University represents that to the best of its knowledge and belief there are no outstanding agreements or assignments which are inconsistent with the rights granted to ArTara pursuant to Article Four.

(g) The Parties shall commence performance of the Project promptly after the date of last signature of this Agreement and shall perform the Project in accordance with the current state of the laboratory research art and in accordance with applicable state and federal laws, including export laws, and regulations.

(h) University represents to the best of its knowledge, all information provided to ArTara pursuant to this Agreement is accurate in accordance with ICH-GCP’s.

(i) EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, THE UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION

THIS AGREEMENT. IN PARTICULAR, BUT WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE UNIVERSITY MAKES NO REPRESENTATION AND EXTENDS NO WARRANTY CONCERNING WHETHER THE PROGRAM DATA IS ACCURATE OR COMPLETE. THE PARTIES

SUCH MATERIALS, DOCUMENTS, AND OTHER INFORMATION. ARTARA EXPRESSLY AGREES THAT ANY RELIANCE UPON OR CONCLUSIONS DRAWN FROM THE PROGRAM DATA SHALL BE AT ARTARA’S OWN RISK TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW AND SHALL NOT GIVE RISE TO ANY LIABILITY OF OR AGAINST THE UNIVERSITY. ARTARA HEREBY

(j) University represents, to the best of its knowledge and belief, that neither it nor any of its officers, directors, employees involved in performing the Project is presently debarred pursuant to the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992. University shall notify ArTara upon becoming aware of any inquiry or the commencement of any such investigation or proceeding.

(a) It is a company duly organized, existing, and in good standing under the laws of Delaware;

(b) The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement have been authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of ArTara and the person signing this Agreement on behalf of ArTara has the authority to do so;

(c) The making, exercising of any right, or performance of any obligation under this Agreement does not violate any separate agreement it has with a third party, and in so acting, ArTara will not breach the terms and conditions of this Agreement or fail to comply with applicable laws, regulations, and court orders;

(d) It is not a party to any agreement or arrangement that would prevent it from performing its duties and fulfilling its obligations to the University under this Agreement;

(e) It has and will maintain at the time specified in Article 7 herein, the insurance coverage called for in Article 7;

(f) It will obtain any additional licenses from any third party needed to perform and fulfill its duties and obligations under this Agreement; and

(g) There is no pending litigation and no threatened claims against it that could impair its ability or capacity to perform and fulfill its duties and obligations under this Agreement.

6.3 Indemnification by ArTara. To the extent permitted by law, ArTara agrees to defend, indemnify and hold the University of Iowa Research Foundation, the University, the State of Iowa, the University’s Board of Regents, their respective affiliates, trustees, officers, directors, faculty, staff, students, successors, assigns, independent contractors, agents and employees including but not limited to Principal Investigator (“University Indemnitees”), harmless from and against any and all liability, loss, expense, reasonable adjudicated attorneys’ fees, or claims for injury or damages arising out of the use of the Program Data by ArTara and its Affiliates and subcontractors including but not limited to the CRO involved in the Project, but only in proportion to and to the extent such liability, loss, expense, attorneys’ fees, or claims for injury or damages are caused by or result from the negligent or acts or omissions of ArTara, its officers, agents, employees, subcontractors, the CRO or Affiliates. 10

6.4 No Consequential Damages. IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY UNDER THIS AGREEMENT IN A DIRECT ACTION BETWEEN THE PARTIES FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFITS) SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY.

7.1 ArTara, Affiliates, and sublicensees will obtain and maintain commercial general liability insurance with a reputable and financially secure insurance carrier prior to clinical testing, making, using, importing, offering to sell, or selling any licensed Product or engaging in any other act involving any licensed Product or the patent rights, if such act could possibly create risk of a claim against University Indemnitees for personal injury or property damage.

(a) The insurance will identify University Indemnitees as additional insureds and will provide that the carrier will notify University in writing at least […***…] prior to cancellation, non-renewal, or material change in coverage. Should ArTara fail to obtain replacement insurance providing comparable coverage within such […***…] period, University will have the right to termination this Agreement effective as of the end of the […***…] period without notice or any additional cure period.

(b) The insurance will include coverage for product liability with a minimum of […***…] dollars ($[…***…]) per occurrence and [… ***…] dollars ($[…***…]) annual aggregate, coverage for contractual liability, clinical trials liability if any such trial is performed, bodily injury and property damage, including completed operations, personal injury, coverage for contractual employees, blanket contractual and products, and all other coverages standard for such policies. Such insurance will additionally include errors and omissions insurance with a minimum of […***…] dollars ($[…***…]) per occurrence.

(c) Insurance policies purchased to comply with this Article Seven will be kept in force for at least […***…] after the last sale of licensed Product.

7.2 At University’s request, such request to be made no more than annually, ArTara will provide University with a certificate of insurance and notices of subsequent renewals for its insurance and that of Affiliates extended rights under this Agreement and of sublicensees.

7.6 The specified minimum coverages and other provisions of this Article Seven do not constitute a limitation on ArTara’s obligation to indemnify the University Indemnitees under this Agreement. 11

8.1 Term. This Agreement may be terminated by ArTara upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to University.

8.2 Termination by Either Party. Either Party may terminate the Project and all commitments and obligations with respect thereto, subject to Section

8.3 herein, upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other Party. In the event of any termination of the Project by University, (a) University agrees to complete Phase I and II of the Project, and (b) ArTara will continue to provide annual funding until the completion of Phase II. Upon termination of the Project by ArTara this Agreement will terminate subject to Section 8.3 and ArTara will reassign to University the IND if assignment thereof previously occurred pursuant to Section 4.3.

8.3 Survival. Termination of the Project for any reason shall not relieve any Party of any obligation that accrued under this Agreement prior to termination. The provisions of Article Three, Article Four, Article Five, Sections 6.3 and 6.4, and Articles Seven through Nine shall survive termination of the Project by University. The provisions of Article Five, Sections 6.3 and 6.4, Article Seven, Section 8.3 and Article Nine shall survive termination of the Project and this Agreement by ArTara.

9.1 Force Majeure. University will not be liable for any failure to perform as required by this Agreement, if the failure to perform is caused by circumstances reasonably beyond University’s control, such as labor disturbances or labor disputes of any kind, accidents, failure of any governmental approval required for full performance, civil disorders or commotions, acts of aggression, acts of God, energy or other conservation measures, explosions, failure of utilities, mechanical breakdowns, material shortages, disease, thefts, or other such occurrences.

9.2 Publicity. No Party will use directly or by implication the name of any other Party, or the name of any employee thereof without prior written notification and agreement of the named Party for promotional, marketing or advertising purposes. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall prevent either Party from disclosing the existence of this Agreement, the identities of the Parties, or the basic nature and scope of the purpose of this Agreement.

9.3 Notices. Any Notice required to be given pursuant to this Agreement shall be made by personal delivery or, if by mail, then by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, by one Party to the other Party at the following addresses. In the case of ArTara, Notice should be sent to: ArTara Therapeutics 1 Little West 12th Street NY, NY 10014 12

9.4 Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Iowa.

9.5 Assignment. No Party may assign any rights under this Agreement or delegate any duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the other Party.

9.6 Independent Contractors. The relationship between ArTara and the University created by this Agreement shall be one of an independent contractor and no Party shall have the authority to bind or act as agent for the other Party.

9.7 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings between the Parties (whether written or verbal) relating to said subject matter.

9.8 Severability. Whenever possible each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such a manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law but should any provision of this Agreement be held to be prohibited or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. However, if such provision is deemed significant and its invalidity would substantially alter the basis of this Agreement, the Parties will negotiate in good faith to amend the provisions of this Agreement to give effect to the original intent of the parties.

9.9 Waiver. No provision of this Agreement shall be waived by any act or omission of the Parties or their agents or employees except by an instrument in writing expressly waiving such provision and signed by a duly authorized officer of the waiving Party.

9.10 Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, including in PDF format, each of which shall be an original, with the same effect as though the signatures hereto and thereto were on the same instrument.

9.11 Section Headings. The recitals and descriptive headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall be of no force or effect in interpreting any of the provisions of this Agreement. 13

/s/ Jesse Shefferman By: Jesse Shefferman Title: Chief Executive Officer

/s/ Wendy Beaver By: Wendy Beaver Title: Executive Director, Division of Sponsored Programs

/s/ Richard Smith By: Richard Smith, M.D. Title: Professor of Otolaryngology Head and Neck Surgery 14 Source: ARTARA THERAPEUTICS, INC., 8-K, 1/10/2020

This Domain Name and Content License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into, by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. ( ), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the People’s Republic of China (hereinafter “Licensor”) and Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the People’s Republic of China (“Licensee” and together with Licensor, the “Parties” and each a “Party”) and is made effective as of the Effective Date (defined below).

WHEREAS, SINA Corporation, a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“SINA”), and CRIC Holdings Limited, a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“CRIC”), entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement dated July 23, 2009 (the “Share Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which SINA subscribes from CRIC the Subscription Shares (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement); WHEREAS, Licensor is the registrant of certain domain names as more particularly described below that are related to the Business which it desires to license to Licensee and Licensee desires to obtain a license from Licensor to such domain names to use in connection with its operation of the Business on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and WHEREAS, Licensor and Shanghai SINA Leju Information Technology Co. Ltd. (“SINA Leju”) entered into that certain Domain Name License Agreement dated May 8, 2008 (the “Original Agreement”) and (i) Licensor and SINA Leju desire to terminate the Original Agreement pursuant to the Mutual Termination Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B and (ii) Licensee and Licensor desire to enter into this Agreement, on or prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement of the Parties and the faithful performance thereof, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them below. “Action” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. “Affiliate” means, when used with respect to any specified Person, a Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, “control” (including the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) with respect to the Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 relationship between or among two or more Persons, means the possession, directly or indirectly or as trustee, personal representative or executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, as trustee, personal representative or executor, by contract, credit arrangement or otherwise. “Agency Agreement” means that certain Advertising Sale Agency Agreement by and between SINA Corporation and China Online Housing Technology Corporation, dated as of the date hereof. “Business” means an online real estate media platform in the PRC that (i) provides information and updates related to real estate, home furnishing and construction in the PRC and provides real estate, home furnishing and construction advertising services, and (ii) operates a business-to- business and business-to-consumer Internet platform targeting participants in the PRC real estate industry, in each case, as currently conducted or contemplated to be conducted on the websites owned or operated by Licensee or any of Licensee’s Affiliates in the PRC. “Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by Law to be closed in Beijing. “Change of Control” means (i) the consummation of any acquisition or purchase, directly or indirectly, by any Person or related group of Persons, that results in a Competitor owning more ordinary shares in CRIC than E-House and SINA, and in each case, their respective controlled Affiliates, own in the aggregate or (ii) an event pursuant to which a Competitor acquires the right to nominate a member to the board of directors of CRIC. “Claimant” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Commission” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Competitor” means any Person whose business includes an online portal. “Confidential Information” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. “Content” means text, graphics, information and data and other content, whether supplied by Licensee, Licensor, end users or third party providers. “Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Effective Date” means the Closing Date as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement. “E-House Licensed Data and Information” means the data and information licensed to CRIC Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries, for the operation of the CRIC system pursuant to the Master Transaction Agreement.

2 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 “Governmental Authority” means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or other government, governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body. “Initial Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. “Law” means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or similar statute, law or ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, requirement or rule of law (including common law). “Licensed Content” shall mean all Content (i) whose copyright is owned by Licensor; or (ii) owned by a third party provider but is sublicensable by Licensor to Licensee without requiring the payment of any additional fee to any third party and without violating the terms of any agreement with such third party provider, together with all updates to and substitutions therefor as may be implemented by Licensor or such third party provider. “Licensed Domain Names” means the domain names listed on Exhibit A attached hereto. “Licensee Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. “Licensor Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2. “Master Transaction Agreement” means the Master Transaction Agreement entered into by and between E-House (China) Holdings Limited and CRIC Holdings Limited, dated as of July 27, 2009. “Operating Content” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. “Person” means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, as well as any syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. “PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. “Recipient” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. “Respondent” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Rules” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Software License Agreement” means that certain Software License and Support Services Agreement by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. and SINA Leju dated as of [ ]. “Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1.

3 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 “Trademark License Agreement” means that certain Trademark License Agreement by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. and Licensee dated as of [ ].

(a) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term. Except as provided in Section 2.3, Licensee’s use of the Licensed Domain Names under the terms of this Agreement shall be free of any fees.

(b) Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement. Except as provided in Section

2.3, Licensee’s use of the Licensed Content under the terms of this Agreement shall be free of any fees.

(c) Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to sublicense any rights granted hereunder to any third party, or otherwise permit any third party to use any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content; provided, however, that any rights granted to Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior written consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee’s Affiliates that are controlled by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of operating the Business during the Term. All rights in and to the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved exclusively by Licensor. Licensee shall be responsible for the compliance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by all of its sublicensees. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any sublicensee undertakes any action (or inaction) that would be deemed a breach of this Agreement had Licensee taken such action (or inaction), such action (or inaction) shall be deemed a breach by Licensee under this Agreement.

2.2. Other Content. Licensee may desire to use Content other than Licensed Content, from time to time, in connection with the websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names (“Operating Content”). Licensee may independently enter into an agreement with the owner of the Operating Content to secure Licensee’s right to use such Operating Content, and shall be solely responsible for the cost and expense associated with procuring such Content. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee shall be permitted to upload such Operating Content directly onto Licensee’s websites or through use of the Licensor’s software pursuant to the Software

4 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 License Agreement. If Licensee requests Licensor to enter into such an agreement on behalf of Licensee and to provide the Operating Content to Licensee, Licensor and Licensee shall discuss such request in good faith; provided, however, if Licensor agrees to procure and provide such Operating Content, Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for all reasonable, incremental costs that Licensor incurs which are attributable to Licensee’s request. For example, if Licensor, prior to the Effective Date, employs ten (10) full time employees dedicated to obtaining Content and, as a result of Licensee’s request for Operating Content pursuant to this Section 2.2, must hire an additional full time employee to handle Licensee’s request, Licensee shall reimburse Licensor for the costs related to such full time employee, provided that, if such full time employee also engages in work on behalf of Licensor or its Affiliates, Licensee shall reimburse Licensor on a pro rata basis only for the time spent by such full time employee in handling Licensee’s requests. Licensee further acknowledges that Licensor has no obligation to fulfill any request by Licensee to procure Operating Content under this Section 2.2. Unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties, any Operating Content obtained on Licensee’s behalf by Licensor shall be for Licensee’s use only and shall not be used by Licensor or its Affiliates or provided or made available to any third parties by Licensor.

2.3. Fees. In the event E-House Research and Training Institute becomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive from, Licensee any royalties, fees or other remuneration for use of the E-House Licensed Data and Information pursuant to amendments to the Master Transaction Agreement or through other means, Licensor and Licensee shall use good faith efforts to amend this Agreement such that Licensor becomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive fees from Licensee to use the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, such fees to be agreed upon by the Parties, provided that (i) such fees shall be commercially reasonable and (ii) such fees shall not exceed the fees charged by Licensor to unaffiliated third parties for use of the Licensed Content, taking into account any other consideration received by Licensor (including, but not limited to, discounted services offerings from the third party).

3.1. Licensee Control. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee shall be entitled to exercise exclusive control over all aspects of the websites and the Business associated with the Licensed Domain Names including, without limitation, the operation, the look-and- feel and the Content of such websites.

3.2. Content Distribution. Licensor shall make available to Licensee the Licensed Content in substantially the same manner and with substantially the same speed and efficiency as such Licensed Content was made available to SINA Leju prior to the Effective Date, namely through Licensor’s content database, but in no event with less speed, efficiency, or a lesser level of access than Licensor provides with respect to its own operations. Licensee agrees to use the Licensed Domain Names only in accordance with such content distribution policy that Licensor uses in connection with its own business, and as may be established by Licensor and communicated in writing in advance to Licensee from time to time or as may otherwise be agreed to by the Parties from time to time, provided that Licensee shall be afforded the same period of time to implement any such content distribution policy as is afforded to Licensor’s Affiliates and other third parties.

(a) Licensee Obligations. Licensee shall monitor and censor all Content on the websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names, including without limitation Content posted by end users. Licensor shall also have the right to monitor and censor Content of the websites associated with Licensed Domain Names. Licensee shall remove any offending Content, including, but not limited to, any illegal materials, pornographic, obscene or sexually explicit materials, materials of a violent nature, or politically sensitive materials, from such websites as soon as possible after it becomes aware of such offending Content but in no event later than the timeframe prescribed by the Governmental Authority after receipt of oral or written notice from Licensor or such Governmental Authority. Licensee’s failure to comply with this Section 3.3(a) shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing obligations, Licensee acknowledges that Licensor shall have the right to remove such offending Content from the websites associated with Licensed Domain Names.

(b) New Restrictions Imposed by Governmental Authority. In the event Licensor receives notice from any Governmental Authority that the websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names contain offending Content where (i) the basis or nature of such offense has not previously been identified by any Governmental Authority as offensive or inappropriate and (ii) Licensee has not also received notice from such Governmental Authority, Licensor shall promptly notify Licensee of Licensor’s receipt thereof. Licensee shall then use best efforts to remove such Content as soon as possible in accordance with the instructions of such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in

Section 8.2 to the contrary, in the event Licensor fails to notify Licensee of Licensor’s receipt of such notice from a Governmental Authority, such that Licensee does not have sufficient time to remove such offending Content, Licensee shall not be liable for any fines or penalties imposed by a Governmental Authority in connection with such offending Content.

3.4. Compliance with Laws. Licensee shall ensure that the Business complies with all applicable Laws in respect of operation, advertising and promotion of the Business and use of the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content in connection therewith.

3.5. Restrictions. Except as expressly permitted under the Trademark License Agreement, Licensee shall not knowingly (a) use the Licensed Domain Names in any manner that tarnishes, degrades, disparages or reflects adversely on Licensor or Licensor’s business or reputation, (b) in any jurisdiction, register or attempt to register any domain names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to, the term “SINA”,

(c) contest, challenge or otherwise make any claim or take any action adverse to Licensor’s interest in the Licensed Domain Names, (d) register any trademarks, trade names or company names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to the term “SINA” in the name of Licensee or of any of its Affiliates, or (e) use the Licensed Content and other Content for any unlawful purpose, including but not limited to displaying or distributing any pornographic, obscene or sexually explicit material, materials of a violent nature, or politically sensitive materials. In the event that Licensor reasonably determines that any violation of the foregoing by Licensee poses an immediate harm to Licensor’s business, reputation or goodwill, Licensee shall promptly, following receipt of notice from Licensor, cease and desist all such non-conforming uses.

4.1. Ownership. Licensee acknowledges that, as between the Parties, Licensor (or its third party providers) is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, and all such right, title and interest shall remain exclusively with Licensor (or its third party providers).

4.2. Prosecution and Maintenance. As between Licensee and Licensor, Licensor shall have the sole and exclusive right and obligation to maintain and renew registrations for the Licensed Domain Names during the Term, and shall do so at its own cost and expense during the Term. Licensee shall not engage in the foregoing affairs, in particular, Licensee shall not change or apply for change of the domain name registration service agency for the Licensed Domain Names during the Term of this Agreement.

(a) Licensor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to take action against third parties in the courts, administrative agencies or otherwise, at Licensor’s cost and expense, to prevent or terminate misuse, infringement, dilution, misappropriation, imitation or illegal use by third parties of the Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content.

(b) Licensee shall reasonably cooperate with Licensor in any action, suit or proceeding that the Licensor may undertake under this Section 5.1 (including, without limitation, executing, filing and delivering all documents and evidence reasonably requested by the Licensor) and shall lend its name to such action, suit or proceeding if reasonably requested by the Licensor or required by applicable Law. All reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Licensee in connection therewith shall be reimbursed by the Licensor. The Licensee shall have the right to participate and be represented in any such action, suit or proceeding by its own counsel at its own expense.

(c) All damages or other compensation of any kind recovered in any action, suit or proceeding undertaken under this Article V, or from any settlement or compromise thereof, shall be for the benefit of the Licensor, provided, however, that any compensation granted or awarded in light of any losses incurred by Licensee shall be for the benefit of the Licensee after Licensor’s reasonable expenses for taking such action, suit or proceeding have been paid.

6.1. Term. The initial term of this Agreement (the “Initial Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter. Beginning twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the Parties shall use

7 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 good faith efforts to negotiate an extension of the term of this Agreement (the Initial Term together with any applicable extension, the “Term”).

6.2. Termination for Bankruptcy. Either Party may immediately terminate this Agreement in the event that the other Party (a) becomes insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they mature;

(b) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors;

(c) seeks relief, or if proceedings are commenced against such other Party or on its behalf, under any bankruptcy, insolvency or debtors’ relief law and such proceedings have not been vacated or set aside within seven (7) days from the date of commencement thereof.

(a) By Licensor. Licensor may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event that the Licensee is in material default or breach of any provision of this Agreement, and, if such default or breach is capable of cure, such default or breach continues uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof; provided, however, that in the event that the Licensee has in good faith commenced cure within such thirty (30) day period, but cannot practically complete such cure within such thirty (30) day period, the Parties shall negotiate a reasonable additional time to cure.

(b) By Licensee. Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event that the Licensor is in material default or breach of any provision of this Agreement, and, if such default or breach is capable of cure, such default or breach continues uncured for a period of thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof; provided, however, that in the event that the Licensor has in good faith commenced cure within such thirty (30) day period, but cannot practically complete such cure within such thirty (30) day period, the Parties shall negotiate a reasonable additional time to cure.

6.4. Termination for a Change of Control. Licensor may terminate this Agreement by providing prior written notice to Licensee upon the occurrence of a Change of Control.

6.5. Termination in the Event of Termination of Agency Agreement. In the event that the Agency Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.02

(c)(iii) or 9.02(d)(i) thereof, this Agreement shall automatically be terminated as of the effective date of the termination of the Agency Agreement and shall thereafter be of no further force or effect except as set forth in Section 6.7.

(a) Upon termination (but not expiration) of this Agreement for any reason, Licensee shall be entitled to use the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content for a limited period of time, not to exceed ninety (90) days, during which it shall diligently work to transition to another solution. Upon expiration of this Agreement or such 90-day period, (i) all rights granted to Licensee under this Agreement with respect to the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content shall immediately cease, and (ii) Licensee shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content.

(b) Upon termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement (other than as described in Section 6.5), Licensee’s rights under Section 2.1(b) are terminated and Licensee shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Content, provided, however that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement.

6.7. Survival. The duties and obligations of the Parties under Articles IV, VI, VIII, IX and X and Section 7.2 of this Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

(a) By Each Party. Each of Licensee and Licensor represents and warrants to each other Party that: (a) it is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under applicable Law;

(b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby are within its corporate powers;

(c) it has taken necessary steps to obtain authority and all necessary consents and approvals of any other third party or Governmental Authority to execute and perform this Agreement;

(d) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by it and constitutes its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other laws affecting the rights of creditors’ generally or by general principals of equity; and (e) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with or result in any breach of its charter or certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or other governing document, or any instrument, obligation, or contract to which it or its properties is bound.

i. It has the right to grant the licenses granted to Licensee hereunder; and

ii. The Licensed Content and the Licensed Domain Names are, and the rights granted hereunder in connection with the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content are, substantially similar to the Licensed Content and the Licensed Domain Names and the rights that were granted to SINA Leju in connection therewith prior to the Effective Date.

7.2. Disclaimer. LICENSEE HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN OR IN THE SHARE

ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, VALIDITY,

8.1. Indemnification by Licensor. Licensor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, successors and assigns, (collectively, the “Licensee Parties”) from and against any claim, suit, demand or action (“Action”), and any and all direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensee in connection with any third party claims arising out of or resulting from any breach by Licensor of any provision of this Agreement. Licensor’s obligation to indemnify Licensee shall be conditioned on (a) Licensee’s provision to Licensor of prompt notice of such an Action (except where any delay does not materially prejudice Licensor);

(b) Licensee’s reasonable cooperation with Licensor in the defense and settlement of such an Action at Licensor’s cost; and (c) Licensor having exclusive control of the defense, settlement and/or compromise of such an Action (provided that Licensor may not settle any Action in a manner that adversely affects Licensee without Licensee’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

8.2. Indemnification by Licensee. Licensee shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, successors and assigns, (collectively, the “Licensor Parties”) from and against any Action, and any and all direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensor in connection with any third party claims (a) arising out of or resulting from any breach by Licensee of any provision of this Agreement, (b) regarding the Content (other than Licensed Content) of the websites associated with Licensed Domain Names, or (c) regarding any Content that was subject to a request for removal by a Governmental Authority, even if Licensee removes such Content within the time period proscribed by the Governmental Authority, provided that, in all cases, Licensee shall not be liable for any direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensor as a result of Licensor’s failure to provide Licensee with a reasonable period of time to remove Content in cases where (i) the basis or nature of the offense has not previously been identified by any Governmental Authority as offensive or inappropriate and (ii) Licensee has not also received notice from the Governmental Authority. Licensee’s obligation to indemnify Licensor shall be conditioned on (x) Licensor’s provision to Licensee of prompt notice of such an Action (except where any delay does not materially prejudice Licensee);

(y) Licensor’s reasonable cooperation with Licensee in the defense and settlement of such an Action at Licensee’s cost; and (z) Licensee having exclusive control of the defense, settlement and/or compromise of such an Action (provided that Licensee may not settle any Action in a manner that adversely affects Licensor without Licensor’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

9.1. Confidential Information. In performing its obligations under this Agreement, either Party (the “Recipient”) may obtain certain Confidential Information of the other Party. For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” shall mean information, documents and other tangible things, provided by either Party to the other, in whatever form, relating to such Party’s business and marketing, including such Party’s financial information, personal information, customer lists, product plans and marketing plans, whether alone or in its compiled form and whether marked as confidential or not. The Recipient shall maintain in

10 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 confidence all Confidential Information and shall not disclose such Confidential Information to any third party without the express written consent of the other Party except to those of its employees, subcontractors, consultants, representatives and agents as are necessary in connection with activities as contemplated by this Agreement. In maintaining the confidentiality of Confidential Information, the Recipient shall exercise the same degree of care that it exercises with its own confidential information, and in no event less than a reasonable degree of care. The Recipient shall ensure that each of its employees, subcontractors, consultants, representatives and agents holds in confidence and makes no use of the Confidential Information for any purpose other than those permitted under this Agreement or otherwise required by Law. Upon request by the other Party, the Recipient shall return, destroy or otherwise handle as instructed by the other Party, any documents or software containing such Confidential Information, and shall not continue to use such Confidential Information.

9.2. Exceptions. The obligation of confidentiality contained in Section 9.1 shall not apply to the extent that (a) the Recipient is required to disclose information by order or regulation of a Governmental Authority or a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, however, that, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Recipient shall not make any such disclosure without first notifying the other Party and allowing the other Party a reasonable opportunity to seek injunctive relief from (or a protective order with respect to) the obligation to make such disclosure; or (b) the Recipient can demonstrate that (i) the disclosed information was at the time of such disclosure to the Recipient already in (or thereafter enters) the public domain other than as a result of actions of the Recipient, its directors, officers, employees or agents in violation hereof, (ii) the disclosed information was rightfully known to the Recipient prior to the date of disclosure (other than pursuant to disclosure by the other Party pursuant to other agreements in effect between the Parties), or (iii) the disclosed information was received by the Recipient on an unrestricted basis from a source unrelated to any Party and not under a duty of confidentiality to the other Party.

10.1. Taxes. Each Party shall be responsible for taxes that should be borne by it in accordance with applicable Law. If any Party pays any taxes that should have been borne by the other Party in accordance with Law, such other Party shall reimburse such Party within seven (7) days after its receipt of documentation evidencing such tax payment so incurred by such Party.

10.2. Expenses. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all costs and expenses, including, fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be borne by the party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred.

10.3. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given, made or received (i) on the date of delivery if delivered in person or by messenger service, (ii) on the date of confirmation of receipt of transmission by facsimile (or, the first (1st) Business Day following such receipt if (a) such

11 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 date of confirmation is not a Business Day or (b) confirmation of receipt is given after 5:00 p.m., Beijing time) or (iii) on the date of confirmation of receipt if delivered by an internationally recognized overnight courier service or registered or certified mail (or, the first (1st) Business Day following such receipt if (a) such date of confirmation is not a Business Day or (b) confirmation of receipt is given after 5:00 p.m., Beijing time) to the respective parties hereto at the following addresses (or at such other address for a party as shall be specified in a notice given in accordance with this Section 10.3): if to Licensor: SINA Corporation 20/F Beijing Ideal International Plaza No. 58 Northwest 4th Ring Road Haidian District, Beijing, 100090 People’s Republic of China Facsimile: +86 10 8260 7166 Attention: Head of Legal Department (Xie Guomin) with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Shearman & Sterling LLP 12th Floor East Tower, Twin Towers B-12 Jianguomenwai Dajie Beijing 100022 People’s Republic of China Facsimile: +86 10 6563 6001 Attention: Lee Edwards, Esq. if to Licensee: Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd. c/o CRIC Holdings Limited No. 383 Guangyan Road Shanghai 200072 People’s Republic of China Facsimile: + 86 (21) 6086 7111 Attention: President with a copy (which shall not constitute notice) to: Skadden, Arps, Slate, Meagher & Flom 42/F, Edinburgh Tower, The Landmark 12 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong Facsimile: +852 3740 4727 Attention: Jonathan B. Stone, Esq. and Z. Julie Gao, Esq.

10.4. Public Announcements. Other than (i) the filing with the SEC of the Form F-1, any amendments thereto and any other documents filed in connection with the Form F-1,

12 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 including the filing of this Agreement or (ii) any communications with the relevant stock exchange or regulators in connection with the IPO, in each case, as deemed necessary or desirable in the sole discretion of CRIC, neither party to this Agreement shall make, or cause to be made, any press release or public announcement in respect of this Agreement or the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or otherwise communicate with any news media without the prior written consent of the other party unless otherwise required by Law or applicable stock exchange regulation, and the parties to this Agreement shall cooperate as to the timing and contents of any such press release, public announcement or communication.

10.5. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any Law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect for so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either party hereto. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

10.6. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereto (including the Original Agreement).

10.7. Assignment. This Agreement and any rights or authority granted hereunder shall not be assigned or transferred by either Party, including by operation of law, merger or otherwise, without the express written consent of the other Party, provided that Licensor may assign this Agreement without consent to any of its Affiliates and Licensee may assign this Agreement without consent to SINA Leju or an Affiliate of Licensee that is controlled by SINA Leju.

10.8. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except (a) by an instrument in writing signed by, or on behalf of, both Parties or (b) by a waiver in accordance with Section 10.9.

10.9. Waiver. Either Party may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other Party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other Party contained herein or in any document delivered by the other party pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements of the other Party or conditions to such Party’s obligations contained herein. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the Party to be bound thereby. No waiver of any representation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation granted pursuant to this Section 10.9 or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach of such representation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation or any other representation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation. The failure of either party hereto to assert any of its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of any of such rights.

10.10. No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the provisions of Article VII relating to indemnified parties, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied (including the provisions of Article VII relating to indemnified parties), is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, including any rights of employment for any specified period, under or by reason of this Agreement.

10.11. Governing Law. This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People’s Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).

(a) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof (each, a “Dispute”), shall to the extent possible be settled through friendly consultation among the Parties hereto. The claiming Party (the “Claimant”) shall promptly notify the other Party (the “Respondent”) in a dated written notice that a Dispute has arisen and describe the nature of the Dispute. Any Dispute which remains unresolved within sixty (60) days after the date of such written notice shall be submitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (the “Commission”) to be finally settled by arbitration in Beijing, PRC in accordance with the Commission’s then effective rules (the “Rules”) and this Section 10.12. The language of the arbitration shall be Mandarin Chinese.

(b) The arbitration tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The Claimant shall appoint one (1) arbitrator, the Respondent shall appoint one (1) arbitrator, and the two (2) arbitrators so appointed shall appoint a third arbitrator. If the Claimant and the Respondent fail to appoint one (1) arbitrator, or the two (2) arbitrators appointed fail to appoint the third arbitrator within the time periods set by the then effective Rules, the relevant appointment shall be made promptly by the Commission.

(c) Any award of the arbitration tribunal established pursuant to this Section 10.12 shall be final and binding upon the Parties, and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties shall use their best efforts to effect the prompt execution of any such award and shall render whatever assistance as may be necessary to this end. The prevailing Party (as determined by the arbitrators) shall be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, incurred in connection with the arbitration and any judicial enforcement, unless the arbitrators determine that it would be manifestly unfair to honor this agreement of the Parties and determine a different allocation of costs.

(d) The foregoing provisions in this Section 10.12 shall not preclude any Party from seeking interim or conservatory remedies, including injunctive relief, from any court having jurisdiction to grant such relief.

10.13. No Presumption. The Parties acknowledge that each has been represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any applicable Law that would require interpretation of any claimed

14 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 ambiguities in this Agreement against the Party that drafted it has no application and is expressly waived. If any claim is made by a Party relating to any conflict, omission or ambiguity in the provisions of this Agreement, no presumption or burden of proof or persuasion will be implied because this Agreement was prepared by or at the request of any Party or its counsel.

10.14. Specific Performance. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms and that any breach of this Agreement could not be adequately compensated in all cases by monetary damages alone. Accordingly, in addition to any other right or remedy to which a party hereto may be entitled, at law or in equity, it shall be entitled to enforce any provision of this Agreement by a decree of specific performance and to temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of any of the provisions of this Agreement, without posting any bond or other undertaking.

10.15. Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable for failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement during any period in which such Party cannot perform due to hacker attack, fire, flood or other natural disaster, war, embargo, riot or the intervention of any Governmental Authority, provided, however, that the Party so delayed immediately notifies the other Party of such delay. In no event shall such nonperformance by Licensee be excused due to any such event for longer than ninety (90) days.

10.16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

10.17. Termination of Original Agreement. Pursuant to the Mutual Termination Agreement set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto, the Original Agreement shall be terminated as of the Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall not become effective unless and until the Mutual Termination Agreement set forth in Exhibit B is executed. [SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE]

15 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, each Party hereto has caused this Agreement to be executed by its duly authorized representatives on the date first set forth above. Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. By:/s/ Charles Chao Name: Title:

Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd. By:/s/ Fei Cao Name: Title:

house.sina.com.cn jiaju.sina.com.cn construction.sina.com.cn 17 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009

THIS MUTUAL TERMINATION AGREEMENT (“Termination Agreement”) is made and entered into this day of , 2009, by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co. (“Beijing SINA”) and Shanghai SINA Leju Information Technology Co. Ltd. (“SINA Leju”).

WHEREAS, Beijing SINA and SINA Leju entered into that certain Domain Name License Agreement dated May 8, 2008 (the “Original Agreement”); and WHEREAS, Beijing SINA and SINA Leju desire to mutually terminate the Original Agreement effective as of the date of this Termination Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by each of the parties hereto, the parties agree as follows:

1. Beijing SINA and SINA Leju agree that, upon the date of execution of this Termination Agreement, the Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, and, for the avoidance of doubt, no provisions of the Original Agreement survive such termination.

2. This Termination Agreement represents the complete, integrated, and entire agreement between the parties, and may not be modified except in writing signed by the parties.

3. This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the PRC, without regard to conflicts of law principles.

4. This Termination Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

5. This Termination Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. [SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE] 18 Source: CHINA REAL ESTATE INFORMATION CORP, F-1, 9/29/2009 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Termination Agreement as of the date first set forth above. Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. By: Name: Title: Shanghai SINA Leju Information Technology Co. Ltd. By: Name: Title:

Exhibit 10.5 Certain identified information has been excluded because it is both not material and would likely cause competitive harm if publicly disclosed.

This Commercialization and License Agreement (this “Agreement”) is made effective as of December 17, 2019 (the “Effective Date”) by and between Vyera Pharmaceuticals, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Vyera”), and CytoDyn Inc., a Delaware corporation (“CytoDyn”). CytoDyn and Vyera are sometimes referred to herein individually as a “Party” and collectively as the “Parties.”

WHEREAS, Vyera is a pharmaceutical company engaged in the commercialization of products useful in the amelioration, treatment or prevention of certain human diseases and conditions. WHEREAS, CytoDyn has developed leronlimab (PRO 140), an anti-CCR5 humanized monoclonal antibody and is pursuing the clinical development of its PRO 140 drug candidate for the treatment of multi-drug resistant Human Immunodeficiency Virus (“HIV”) infection, as well as related HIV infection indications. WHEREAS, the Parties desire that, upon regulatory approval of PRO 140 for the Initial Indication (as defined below), Vyera will Commercialize (as defined below) Licensed Products (as defined below) in the Field (as defined below) in the Territory (as defined below), all in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the premises and conditions set forth herein, the Parties agree as follows:

1.1 “AAA” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(a).

1.2 “AAI Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(o).

1.3 “Affiliate” means, with respect to a particular Party, a Person that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with such Party. For the purposes of this definition, the word “control” (including, with correlative meaning, the terms “controlled by” or “under the common control with”) means the actual power, either directly or indirectly through one (1) or more intermediaries, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such entity, whether by the ownership of fifty percent (50%) or more of the voting stock of such entity, by contract or otherwise.

1.4 “AGC Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(o).

1.5 “Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

1.6 “Alliance Manager” means, with respect to each Party, the person appointed by such Party from within its organization to coordinate and facilitate the communication, interaction and cooperation of the Parties pursuant to this Agreement. The Alliance Managers shall be the primary contacts between the Parties with respect to the activities conducted pursuant to this Agreement.

1.7 “Annual WAC” means the annual wholesale acquisition cost for the Licensed Product.

1.8 “API” means an active pharmaceutical ingredient, whether produced from a living organism or through synthetic process (i.e., any substance intended to be used in the manufacture of a drug product and that is intended to furnish pharmacological activity in the cure, treatment or prevention of disease).

1.9 “Applicable Law” means all applicable statutes, ordinances, regulations, rules, or orders of any kind whatsoever of any Governmental Authority, including, without limitation, the FDCA, Prescription Drug Marketing Act, the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992 (21 U.S.C. §335a et seq.), U.S. Patent Act (35 U.S.C. §1 et seq.), Federal Civil False Claims Act (31 U.S.C. §3729 et seq.), and Anti-Kickback Statute (42 U.S.C. §1320a-7b et seq.), all as amended from time to time, together with any rules, regulations, and compliance guidance promulgated thereunder.

1.10 “Arbitration Request” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.3(b).

1.11 “Bankruptcy Laws” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.6(b).

1.12 “Biosimilar Competitor” means, with respect to the Licensed Product, a drug or biological product that has been determined by the FDA to be therapeutically equivalent to the Licensed Product, such that it may be substituted by a pharmacist for the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory without the need for such pharmacist to seek authorization from the physician that prescribed the Licensed Product.

1.13 “Biosimilar Entry Date” means the first day of the first Calendar Quarter that occurs after Biosimilar Competitor(s) have achieved at least [***] in the Field in the Territory.

1.14 “BLA” means a Biologics License Application (as defined in the FDCA), including all supplements, amendments, variations, extensions and renewals thereof.

1.15 “Breaching Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4.

1.16 “Business Day” means a day other than Saturday, Sunday or any other day on which commercial banks located in the State of New York or the State of Washington, U.S., are authorized or obligated by Applicable Law to close.

1.17 “Calendar Quarter” means the respective periods of three (3) consecutive calendar months ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31; provided, however, that (a) the first Calendar Quarter of the Term shall extend from the Effective Date to the end of the first complete Calendar Quarter thereafter; and (b) the last Calendar Quarter of the Term shall end upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement.

1.18 “Calendar Year” means the twelve-month period ending on December 31; provided, however, that (a) the first Calendar Year of the Term shall begin on the Effective Date and end on December 31, 2019; and (b) the last Calendar Year of the Term shall end on the effective date of expiration or termination of this Agreement.

1.19 “Change of Control” means, with respect to Vyera, (a) the sale of all or substantially all of its assets; (b) any merger, consolidation or acquisition of Vyera, by or into another Person; and/or (c) any change in the ownership of more than fifty percent (50%) of the voting capital stock of Vyera or its direct or indirect parent entities, other than: (i) transactions involving solely Vyera (or an Affiliate, as applicable) and/or one or more Affiliates, on the one hand, and one or more of Vyera’s (or an Affiliate’s, as applicable) Affiliates, on the other hand, and/or (ii) transactions in which the stockholders of Vyera (or an Affiliate, as applicable) immediately prior to such transaction hold at least fifty percent (50%) of the voting power of the surviving company or ultimate parent company of the surviving company; in each of clauses (a)-(c), in one or more related transactions.

1.20 “Claim” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.

1.21 “Clinical Trial” means any human clinical study or trial of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory.

1.22 “Combination Product” means a product that is Commercialized by Vyera and/or its Affiliates under this Agreement and that comprises, consists of, or incorporates two or more APIs (whether administered together or separately), which includes leronlimab as one of the APIs together with one or more additional APIs that: (a) are not leronlimab; and (b) are not proprietary to CytoDyn, regardless of the formulation or mode of administration of such Combination Product. For the sake of clarity, a Combination Product is a Licensed Product.

1.23 “Commercial Failure” means that Vyera fails to achieve aggregate [***].

1.24 “Commercialization” means any and all pre-launch, launch and post-launch activities related to the marketing, promoting, distributing (to Third Parties), offering for sale and selling a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory. For clarity, Commercialization does not include Development and/or Manufacturing of a Licensed Product. When used as a verb, “Commercialize” means to engage in Commercialization.

1.25 “Commercialization Plan” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.2.

1.26 “Commercially Reasonable Efforts” means: (a) with respect to the efforts to be expended, or considerations to be undertaken, by a Party or its Affiliate with respect to any objective, activity or decision to be undertaken hereunder, reasonable, good faith efforts to accomplish such objective, activity or decision as such Party would normally use to accomplish a similar objective, activity or decision under similar circumstances; and (b) with respect to Development and Commercialization of any Licensed Product for any indication by a Party, efforts and resources consistent with those efforts and resources commonly used by a similarly situated biotechnology company with respect to a product owned by it or to which it has similar rights, which product is at a similar stage in its development or product life and is of similar market potential taking into account (i) the patent and other proprietary position of the Licensed Product and (ii) the anticipated profitability of the Licensed Product.

1.27 “Competitive Product” means any product for the treatment or prevention of [***], leronlimab that is not a Licensed Product.

1.28 “Confidential Information” means, subject to Article 10, all non-public or proprietary information not otherwise included in Know-How disclosed by either Party to the other Party in connection with the activities contemplated by this Agreement, which may include ideas, inventions, discoveries, concepts, compounds, compositions, formulations, formulas, practices, procedures, processes, methods, knowledge, know-how, trade secrets, technology, inventories, machines, techniques, development, designs, drawings, computer programs, knowledge, skill, experience, documents, apparatus, results, clinical and regulatory strategies, Regulatory Documentation, and submissions pertaining to, or made in association with, filings with any Governmental Authority, data, including pharmacological, toxicological and clinical data, analytical and quality control data, manufacturing data and descriptions, patent and legal data, market data, financial data or descriptions, devices, assays, chemical formulations, specifications, material, product samples and other samples, physical, chemical and biological materials and compounds and information related to such materials and compounds, and any modifications, improvements, designs, and recipes without regard as to whether any of the foregoing is marked “confidential” or “proprietary,” or disclosed in oral, written, graphic, or electronic form. Confidential Information shall include the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

1.29 “Control” or “Controlled” means, with respect to any Know-How, Patent or other intellectual property right, possession (including ownership) by a Party, including its Affiliates, of the ability (without taking into account any rights granted by a Party to the other Party under the terms of this Agreement) to grant access, a license or a sublicense to such Know-How, Patent or other intellectual property right without violating the terms of any agreement or other arrangement with, or necessitating the consent of, any Third Party, at such time that the Party would be first required under this Agreement to grant the other Party such access, license or sublicense.

1.30 “Cost of Goods” means the amount paid to CytoDyn by Vyera for the supply of Licensed Products under the Supply Agreement (net of any mark-up applied under the Supply Agreement). The Cost of Goods shall be the Cost of Manufacture of Licensed Products manufactured by CytoDyn (if applicable) or the amount actually paid by CytoDyn to a Third Party for the Manufacture and supply of such Licensed Products.

1.32 “Cover”, “Covering” or “Covered” means, with respect to a product, technology, process or method, that, in the absence of ownership of, or a license granted under, a Valid Claim, the practice or Commercialization of such product, technology, process or method would infringe such Valid Claim (or, in the case of a Valid Claim that has not yet issued, would infringe such Valid Claim if it were to issue in its then current form or in a substantially similar version).

1.33 “Cure Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4.

1.34 “CytoDyn” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

1.35 “CytoDyn Indemnitee” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.

1.36 “CytoDyn Know-How” means any and all Know-How Controlled by CytoDyn either or both as of the Effective Date or during the Term that is necessary or useful to Commercialize any Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory.

1.37 “CytoDyn Patents” means any and all Patents Controlled by CytoDyn either or both as of the Effective Date or during the Term that claim any CytoDyn Know-How or Inventions. The CytoDyn Patents as of the Effective Date include those set forth on Attachment A. CytoDyn may update Attachment A from time to time to remove reference to expired Patents and to include reference to additional Patents.

1.38 “CytoDyn Reserved Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.4.

1.39 “Develop” or “Development” means all research and non-clinical and clinical drug development activities, including toxicology, pharmacology, and other non-clinical efforts, statistical analysis, formulation development, delivery system development, the performance of Clinical Trials, including the Manufacturing, as applicable, of the Licensed Product for use in research and Clinical Trials, or other activities reasonably necessary in order to obtain and maintain Regulatory Approval of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory. When used as a verb, “Develop” means to engage in Development activities.

1.40 “Development Plan” means the Development Plan attached hereto as Attachment B, as it may be amended in accordance with Section 4.3.

1.41 “Disclosing Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.

1.42 “Disposition Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.6.

1.43 “Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.1.

1.44 “Effective Date” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

1.45 “Equity Investment” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.13.

1.46 “Existing Licenses” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(b).

1.47 “FDA” means the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and any successor agency(ies) or authority having substantially the same function.

1.48 “FDCA” means the United States Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act of 1938 (21 U.S.C. §301 et seq.) and applicable regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time.

1.50 “Financial Statements” means (a) the audited consolidated balance sheet of Vyera’s parent company, Phoenixus AG and its subsidiaries, for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2018, and the related consolidated statement of operations, shareholders’ equity and cash flows for the fiscal year then ended, and (b) the unaudited consolidated balance sheet of Phoenixus AG for the eight (8) months ended August 31, 2019, and the related consolidated profit and loss statements for the eight (8) months then ended.

1.51 “First Commercial Sale” means, with respect to a Licensed Product, the first sale of such Licensed Product to a Third Party by Vyera or its Affiliates after Regulatory Approval of such Licensed Product has been obtained. Sales for test marketing, sampling and promotional uses, compassionate or similar use shall not constitute a First Commercial Sale unless such sale results in a Net Sale.

1.53 “Force Majeure” means any event beyond the reasonable control of the affected Party that materially affects the Party’s performance of its obligations, except payment obligations, under this Agreement, including embargoes; war or acts of war, including terrorism; insurrections, riots, or civil unrest; strikes, lockouts or other labor disturbances; epidemics, fire, floods, earthquakes, tsunamis, hurricanes or other acts of nature; or acts, omissions or delays in acting by any Governmental Authority (including the refusal of the competent Governmental Authorities to issue required Regulatory Approvals due to reasons other than the affected Party’s negligence or willful misconduct or any other cause within the reasonable control of the affected Party) and failure of plant or machinery (provided that such event or failure could not have been prevented by the exercise of skill, diligence, and prudence that would be reasonably and ordinarily expected from a skilled and experienced person engaged in the same type of undertaking under the same or similar circumstances).

1.54 “GAAP” means generally accepted accounting principles current in the U.S.

1.55 “GCP” means the then-current standards, practices and procedures promulgated or endorsed by the FDA as set forth in the guideline adopted by the International Conference on Harmonization (“ICH”), titled “Guidance for Industry E6 Good Clinical Practice: Consolidated Guidance,” (or any successor document) including related regulatory requirements imposed by the FDA, as they may be updated from time to time.

1.56 “GLP” means the then-current standards, practices and procedures promulgated or endorsed by the FDA as set forth in 21 C.F.R. Part 58 (or any successor statute or regulation), including related regulatory requirements imposed by the FDA, as they may be updated from time to time, including applicable guidelines promulgated under the ICH.

1.57 “GMP” means the then-current good manufacturing practices required by the FDA, as set forth in the FDCA, as amended, and the regulations promulgated thereunder, for the manufacture and testing of pharmaceutical materials.

1.58 “Governmental Authority” means any multi-national, national, federal, state, local, municipal or other government authority of any nature (including any governmental division, subdivision, department, instrumentality, agency, bureau, branch, office, commission, council, court or other tribunal).

1.59 “HIV” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals to this Agreement.

1.60 “Indemnifying Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3(a).

1.61 “Indemnitee” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.3(a).

1.62 “Initial Indication” means use in combination with other antiretroviral agents for treatment experienced HIV-1 patients infected exclusively by CCR5- tropic virus, who are failing their current regimen and have documented multi-antiretroviral class resistance to at least one ART drug within 3 drug classes (or within 2 drug classes with limited treatment options).

1.63 “Inventions” means any and all inventions, discoveries and developments, whether or not patentable, which are conceived and reduced to practice relating to the Licensed Product in the Field after the Effective Date and arising in the course of activities under this Agreement: (a) solely by one or more employees or consultants of CytoDyn; (b) solely by one or more employees or consultants of Vyera; or (c) jointly by one or more employees or consultants of CytoDyn and one or more employees or consultants of Vyera. To be clear, Inventions, as defined here, does not include CytoDyn Patents that exist as of the Effective Date.

1.64 “JC” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.1(a).

1.65 “Know-How” means all non-public or proprietary information now known or hereafter developed and disclosed in connection with the activities contemplated by this Agreement, including information applicable to compounds, formulations, compositions, products or to their manufacture, development, registration, use or commercialization or methods of assaying or testing them or processes for their manufacture, formulations containing them, compositions incorporating or comprising them and including all biological, chemical, pharmacological, biochemical, toxicological, pharmaceutical, physical and analytical, safety, quality control, manufacturing, preclinical and clinical data, instructions, processes, formulae, expertise and information, regulatory filings and copies thereof, relevant to the development, manufacture, use or commercialization of and/or which may be useful in studying, testing, development, production or formulation of products, or intermediates for the synthesis thereof.

1.66 “Knowledge” means, (a) with respect to CytoDyn, the actual knowledge (following due inquiry) of Nader Z. Pourhassan, Michael D. Mulholland, Nitya G. Ray, and Brendan Rae, and (b) with respect to Vyera, the actual knowledge (following due inquiry) of Averill L. Powers, Ruchin Patel, Nicholas J. Pelliccione and Anne K. Kirby.

1.69 “Liability” or “Liabilities” means losses, damages, fees, costs and other liabilities incurred by a Party related to such Party’s performance or conduct, or by virtue of being a “Party”, under this Agreement.

1.70 “Licensed Product” means any pharmaceutical product, including all forms, presentations, strengths, doses and formulations (including any method of delivery), that contains leronlimab (PRO-140) as defined by [***] that CytoDyn is currently evaluating in its clinical development program for the treatment of HIV infection that is Covered by one or more claims of a CytoDyn Patent or CytoDyn Know-How.

1.71 “Licensed Product Infringement” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(a).

1.72 “Losses” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.1.

1.73 “Manufacture” means all activities and processes related to the manufacturing of a Licensed Product, or any ingredient thereof, including manufacturing of intermediate and finished Licensed Product for Development and Commercialization, labelling, packaging, handling, warehousing, in- process and finished Licensed Product testing, release of a Licensed Product or any component or ingredient thereof, validation, quality control and quality assurance activities related to manufacturing and release of a Licensed Product and ongoing stability tests and regulatory activities related to any of the foregoing. Where the context so requires, Manufacture shall also include obtaining a Licensed Product from contract manufacturers. When used as a verb, to “Manufacture” means to engage in Manufacturing activities.

1.74 “Minimum Requirements” means the investments and activities identified as “Minimum Requirements” in a Commercialization Plan.

1.77 “Net Sales” means, with respect to the Licensed Product, [***] Notwithstanding the foregoing, amounts received or invoiced by Vyera or its Affiliates for the sale of such Licensed Product among Vyera or its Affiliates for resale shall not be included in the computation of Net Sales hereunder; instead, the amounts invoiced or received by Vyera or its Affiliates, as applicable, on resale to a Third Party shall be included in the computation of Net Sales. In any event, any amounts received or invoiced by Vyera or its Affiliates shall be accounted for only once. For purposes of determining Net Sales, a Licensed Product shall be deemed to be sold when recorded as a sale by Vyera or its Affiliates in accordance with GAAP. For clarity, a particular deduction may only be accounted for once in the calculation of Net Sales. Net Sales shall exclude any samples of Licensed Product transferred or disposed of at no expense for promotional or educational purposes.

(A) where all API(s) in such Combination Product are sold separately in the Territory, Net Sales shall be calculated by multiplying the Net Sales of the Combination Product by the fraction A/(A+B), where A is the weighted (by sales volume) average unit sale price of the Licensed Product, as sold separately in finished form in the Territory, where net sales is calculated in the same manner as Net Sales, and B is the sum of the weighted average unit sale price in the Territory (net sales being calculated in the same manner as Net Sales) of the other API(s) included in the Combination Product when sold separately in finished form at the same dosage levels, in each case during the applicable royalty reporting period, or, if sales of both the Licensed Product and the other API(s) did not occur in the same country in such period, then in the most recent royalty reporting period in which sales of both occurred, provided that such “recent royalty reporting period” shall not have been more than twenty-four (24) months earlier.

(B) In the event that such weighted average sale price of the Licensed Product component of the Combination Product cannot be determined, but the weighted average sale price of the other API(s) in the Combination Product can be determined, Net Sales shall be calculated by multiplying the Net Sales of the Combination Product by the fraction (C-D)/C, where C is the weighted (by sales volume) average unit sale price of the Combination Product, and D is the sum of the weighted (by sales volume) average unit sales prices charged for the other API(s) in the Combination Product when sold separately in finished form.

(C) In the event that such weighted average sale price of the other API(s) in the Combination Product cannot be determined, but the weighted average sale price of the Licensed Product component of the Combination Product can be determined, Net Sales shall be calculated by multiplying the Net Sales of the Combination Product by the fraction A/C, where A is the weighted (by sales volume) average unit sales price of such Licensed Product component as sold separately, and C is the weighted (by sales volume) average unit sales price of the Combination Product.

(D) In the event that neither the weighted average sale price of the Licensed Product nor the weighted average sales price of the other API(s) in the Combination Product can be determined, the Net Sales of the Licensed Product shall be calculated by multiplying the Net Sales of the Combination Product (determined as provided above for Licensed Products) by the fraction D/D+E where D is the fair market value of the portion of the Combination Product that includes the Licensed Product and E is the fair market value of the portion of the Combination Product containing the other API(s) in such Combination Product, and all such fair market values shall be determined in good faith by the Parties. In the event either Party reasonably believes that the calculation set forth above does not fairly reflect the value of the Licensed Product, relative to the other API(s) in the Combination Product, the Parties shall negotiate, in good faith, other means of calculating Net Sales with respect to Combination Products to so reflect such value. The weighted average sale price for a Licensed Product, any other API(s) used in a Combination Product, or any Combination Product shall be calculated once each Calendar Year, at the beginning of such Calendar Year, and such price shall be used during all applicable royalty reporting periods for such entire Calendar Year. When determining the weighted average sale price of a Licensed Product, other API(s), or Combination Product, the weighted average sale price shall be calculated by dividing the sales dollar (translated into U.S. dollars) by the units of active ingredient sold during the preceding Calendar Year (or the number of months sold in a partial Calendar Year) for the respective Licensed Product, other API(s), or Combination Product. In the initial Calendar Year, a forecasted weighted average sale price will be used for the Licensed Product, other API(s) or Combination Product.

1.78 “Non-Breaching Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.4.

1.79 “Party(ies)” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

1.80 “Patents” means all: (a) patents, including any utility or design patent; (b) patent applications, including provisionals, substitutions, divisionals, continuations, continuations in-part or renewals; (c) patents of addition, restorations, extensions, supplementary protection certificates, registration or confirmation patents, patents resulting from post-grant proceedings, re-issues and re-examinations; (d) other patents or patent applications claiming priority directly or indirectly to: (i) any such specified patent or patent application specified in (a) through (c), or (ii) any patent or patent application from which a patent or patent application specified in (a) through (c) claim direct or indirect priority; (e) inventor’s certificates; (f) other rights issued from a Governmental Authority similar to any of the foregoing; and (g) in each of (a) through (f), whether such patent, patent application or other right arises in the Territory.

1.81 “Payments” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.10.

1.82 “Person” means an individual, sole proprietorship, partnership, limited partnership, limited liability partnership, corporation, limited liability company, business trust, joint stock company, trust, incorporated association, joint venture or similar entity or organization, including a government or political subdivision, department or agency of a government.

1.83 “Pharmacovigilance Agreement” means the safety data exchange agreement that the Parties will use their Commercially Reasonable Efforts to agree and enter into within ninety (90) days after the Effective Date.

1.84 “Promotional Materials” means all training materials and all written, printed, graphic, electronic, audio or video matter, including journal advertisements, sales visual aids, leave items, formulary binders, reprints, direct mail, direct-to-consumer advertising, Internet postings and broadcast advertisements, in each case, created by Vyera or its Affiliates or on its behalf, and used or intended for use in connection with any promotion of the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory under this Agreement.

1.85 “Quality Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.3.

1.86 “Receiving Party” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.1.

1.87 “Regulatory Approval” means any and all approvals (including supplements, amendments, pre- and post-approvals), licenses, registrations or authorizations of any national, regional, state or local Regulatory Authority, department, bureau, commission, council or other governmental entity, that are necessary for the commercialization of a Licensed Product under this Agreement in the Field in the Territory.

1.88 “Regulatory Authority” means: (a) any applicable Governmental Authority involved in granting Regulatory Approval in a country or jurisdiction in the Territory, including the FDA; and (b) any other applicable Governmental Authority having jurisdiction over a pharmaceutical Licensed Product.

1.89 “Regulatory Documentation” means, with respect to each Licensed Product, all: (a) Regulatory Materials, including all data contained therein and all supporting documents created for, submitted to or received from an applicable governmental agency or Regulatory Authority relating to such Regulatory Materials; and (b) other documentation Controlled by a Party which is reasonably necessary in order to Commercialize Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory, including any registrations and licenses, regulatory drug lists, advertising and promotion documents shared with Regulatory Authorities, adverse event files, complaint files and Manufacturing records.

1.90 “Regulatory Exclusivity” means, with respect to any Licensed Product in the Territory, any additional market protection, other than patent protection, granted by a Regulatory Authority in the Territory which confers an exclusive Commercialization period during which Vyera or its Affiliates have the exclusive right to market and sell such Licensed Product in the Field and in the Territory through a regulatory exclusivity right (e.g., new biologic entity exclusivity, new use or indication exclusivity, new formulation exclusivity, orphan drug exclusivity, pediatric exclusivity, or any applicable data exclusivity).

1.91 “Regulatory Materials” means, with respect to the Licensed Product, all documentation, correspondence, submissions and notifications submitted to or received from a Regulatory Authority that are necessary or reasonably useful in order to Commercialize such Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory. For the avoidance of doubt, Regulatory Materials shall include, with respect to each Licensed Product, all Investigational New Drug applications (INDs), BLAs, Regulatory Approvals, and amendments and supplements for any of the foregoing, as well as the contents of any minutes from meetings (whether in person or by audio conference or videoconference) with a Regulatory Authority.

1.92 “Required Third Party License” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.7.

1.93 “Reserved Disputes” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.4.

1.94 “Royalty Term” means the time period beginning with the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product in the Territory and continuing until the latest of (a) the expiration of the last Valid Claim Covering the Licensed Product and included in a CytoDyn Patent licensed to Vyera under this Agreement, (b) the date that is ten (10) years from the date of the First Commercial Sale, (c) the expiration of any Regulatory Exclusivity with respect to the Licensed Product and (d) the Biosimilar Entry Date.

1.95 “SBL Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(o).

1.96 “Serious Adverse Event” means any serious untoward medical occurrence in a patient or subject who is administered a Licensed Product, having reference to the provisions of 21 C.F.R 312.32(a), but only if and to the extent that such serious untoward medical occurrence is required under Applicable Laws to be reported to applicable Regulatory Authorities.

1.97 “Sharp Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.2(o).

1.98 “Side Letter” means that certain letter agreement, dated as of the date hereof, by and between CytoDyn and Vyera.

1.99 “Step-Down Date” means the later of (a) the expiration of the last Valid Claim Covering the Licensed Product and included in a CytoDyn Patent licensed to Vyera under this Agreement and (b) the expiration of any Regulatory Exclusivity with respect to the Licensed Product.

1.100 “Supply Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.2.

1.101 “Supply Date” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.3(b).

1.102 “Subsequent Indication” means each indication in the Field other than the Initial Indication, including the Monotherapy Indication; provided that Subsequent Indications must be distinct indications and broadening the use of a Licensed Product for a particular indication shall not be deemed a new indication. By way of illustration, extending the use of the Licensed Product to patients of different age parameters who have multi-drug resistant HIV infection shall not be deemed a new indication distinct from the Initial Indication. For clarity, indications outside of the Field, such as indications in connection with oncology are not included within the scope of this Agreement.

1.103 “Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1.

1.105 “Third Party” means any Person other than (a) Vyera, (b) CytoDyn or (c) an Affiliate of either of Vyera or CytoDyn.

1.106 “Trademarks” has the meaning set forth in Section 5.4(a).

1.107 “Transition Services” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.7(e)(ii).

1.108 “Transition Services Agreement” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.7(e)(i).

1.109 “U.S.” means the United States of America, including its territories and possessions, including Puerto Rico.

1.110 “Valid Claim” means a claim of an issued and unexpired Patent included within the CytoDyn Patents to the extent such claim has not been revoked, held invalid or unenforceable by a patent office, court or other governmental agency of competent jurisdiction in a final order, from which no further appeal can be taken, and which claim has not been disclaimed, denied or admitted to be invalid or unenforceable through reissue, re-examination or disclaimer or otherwise.

1.111 “Vyera” has the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph.

1.112 “Vyera Indemnitee” has the meaning set forth in Section 13.2.

1.113 “Vyera Reserved Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 12.4.

(a) License to Vyera. CytoDyn hereby grants to Vyera, and Vyera hereby accepts, an exclusive royalty-bearing license (or sublicense, as the case may be), under the CytoDyn Patents, the CytoDyn Know-How and the Inventions (if any) solely to Commercialize, use, have used, offer for sale and sell Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory.

(b) Sublicense Rights. The licenses granted to Vyera under this Agreement shall not be transferrable and/or sublicensable without CytoDyn’s written consent, which it may grant, condition or withhold in its sole discretion.

(a) Title. This Agreement does not convey to Vyera any rights in any CytoDyn Patents, CytoDyn Know-How, Regulatory Approvals, Regulatory Materials, Regulatory Documentation, or Inventions by implication, estoppel or otherwise except for the rights expressly granted in Section 2.1(a). Title to the CytoDyn Patents, the CytoDyn Know-How, Regulatory Approvals, Regulatory Materials, Regulatory Documentation, and all Inventions shall at all times remain vested in CytoDyn. Except as otherwise provided in Section 2.2(b) with respect to Inventions, this Agreement does not convey to CytoDyn any rights in any Vyera Know-How or any Vyera Patents by implication, estoppel or otherwise.

(b) Inventions. All right, title and interest in and to any and all Inventions that would be necessary or useful to Develop, Manufacture or Commercialize a Licensed Product (and/or an improvement, modification or line extension thereof) will be owned by CytoDyn. To the fullest extent permitted by law, Vyera shall, and hereby does, assign all of its right title and interest in and to any and all Inventions to CytoDyn. In the event that such assignment would be unlawful, Vyera shall, and hereby does, grant to CytoDyn an exclusive, irrevocable, worldwide, sublicensable (including through multiple tiers), transferrable (without consent) royalty free license to any and all right, title and/or interest that it may have in or to an Invention. Vyera will, upon reasonable request of CytoDyn, and at CytoDyn’s expense, execute or cause to be executed, any assignments, filings, applications or other documents that CytoDyn may require to evidence its rights in the Inventions.

(a) Each of CytoDyn and Vyera shall promptly disclose to the other in writing reasonably detailed written reports describing any Invention that might, under the applicable U.S. patent laws, be patentable and constitute an Invention.

(b) As between the Parties, CytoDyn shall be responsible, at its sole expense and in its sole discretion, for the preparation, filing, prosecution, and maintenance of any and all CytoDyn Patents (including, for clarity, any CytoDyn Patents that are the result of an Invention). CytoDyn will keep Vyera reasonably informed of the status of such efforts.

(a) Each Party shall give the other Party notice, promptly after becoming aware, of any infringement of CytoDyn Patents, where such infringement concerns the Commercialization, manufacture, importation, use, offer for sale or sale of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory (a “Licensed Product Infringement”). CytoDyn shall have the sole right to initiate and prosecute any legal action at its sole expense in its name with respect to CytoDyn Patents, and to also control the defense of any declaratory judgment action relating to such Licensed Product Infringement; provided that no settlement, or consent judgment or other voluntary final disposition of the suit that relates to the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory may be entered into without the consent of Vyera, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed.

(b) For any action to terminate any Licensed Product Infringement, Vyera will provide reasonable cooperation and will provide CytoDyn with any information or assistance that CytoDyn may reasonably request, at the expense of CytoDyn. CytoDyn shall keep Vyera informed of developments in any such action or proceeding as such may relate to Commercialization, including, to the extent permissible by Applicable Law, the status of any settlement negotiations.

(c) Any recovery obtained in connection with or as a result of any action to terminate any Licensed Product Infringement contemplated by this

Section 2.4, whether by settlement or otherwise, shall be applied first in satisfaction of any costs and expenses incurred by CytoDyn in connection with the action; and next in satisfaction of any unreimbursed costs and expenses incurred by Vyera in connection with the action. The balance, if any remaining after the Parties have been compensated for such costs and expenses shall be allocated between the Parties with any recovery of ordinary damages based upon Licensed Product Infringement (whether awarded on a lost sales or lost profits basis) being deemed to be “Net Sales” and shared equally between the Parties and any recovery of special or punitive damages retained by CytoDyn.

(a) Nothing in this Agreement is intended to, nor shall it, prevent CytoDyn from (i) Developing, Manufacturing and or Commercializing leronlimab inside or outside of the Territory for use outside of the Field or (ii) Developing or Manufacturing leronlimab inside or outside of the Territory for Commercialization within the Field outside of the Territory, in each case, to the extent such actions would not result in a breach of CytoDyn’s obligations to use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform the activities set forth in the Development Plan.

(b) Vyera shall not Commercialize nor shall it authorize the Commercialization of any Licensed Product outside of the Field or outside of the Territory. Vyera shall not, itself or through other Persons, directly or indirectly, solicit, advertise, sell, distribute, ship, consign, or otherwise transfer any Licensed Product outside of the Field or outside of the Territory. Vyera shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to ensure that Licensed Products sold in its Territory are not exported or used outside such Territory. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Vyera will not sell any Licensed Product to a purchaser if Vyera knows, or has reason to believe, that such purchaser intends to remove such Licensed Product from the Territory or otherwise intends to facilitate the use of such Licensed Product outside of the Field or outside of the Territory. Vyera shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to ensure that its permitted sublicensees, Affiliates, distributors, and wholesalers comply with all of the foregoing obligations.

2.6 Competitive Products. Except as expressly required under this Agreement, Vyera hereby covenants not to Develop, Manufacture, Commercialize or otherwise exploit a Competitive Product in the Territory during the Royalty Term, including by means of an Affiliate. In the event that Vyera experiences a Change of Control with a Third Party that is actively engaged in the Development, Manufacture or Commercialization of a Competitive Product, then, Vyera shall either: (a) within ninety (90) days after the closing of such Change of Control, enter into a binding written agreement to sell, transfer, assign or divest all of Vyera’s and/or its Affiliate’s rights in and to such Competitive Product to a non-Affiliate Third Party and consummate such sale, transfer, assignment or divestiture of said rights not later than ninety (90) days following the date of the binding Agreement; or (b) within six (6) months after the closing of such Change of Control, terminate any and all Development, Manufacturing, Commercialization and/or other exploitation of such Competitive Product; or (c) terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.2(c). For the avoidance of doubt, Vyera shall not be deemed to be in breach of this

Section 2.6 (i) during the one hundred eighty (180) day period following a Change of Control described in this Section 2.6 (the “Disposition Period”) so long as it has complied with its obligations under the immediately preceding clause (a), (b) or (c) prior to the end of the Disposition Period and (ii) during the pendency of the one hundred eighty (180)day notice period required pursuant to Section 11.2(c) elects to terminate this Agreement pursuant to the immediately preceding clause (c) prior to the end of the Disposition Period.

(a) Within ten (10) days after the Effective Date, a Joint Committee (“JC”) shall be established with the responsibilities and authority set forth in this Section 3.1. The JC shall consist of six (6) members, three (3) members to be appointed by each of CytoDyn and Vyera, and the Alliance Manager from each Party. Each Party may, with notice to the other, substitute any of its members serving on the JC and may invite ad hoc non-voting members as desired. The Parties may also, by mutual agreement, increase or (subject to Section 3.1(d)) decrease the number of members serving on the JC; provided that the number of members representing each Party remains equal. Prior to Regulatory Approval of a Licensed Product, CytoDyn will have the right to appoint one of its members to be the chairperson of the JC. Vyera and CytoDyn shall alternate appointing the chairperson of the JC in each year following Regulatory Approval.

(b) The JC shall have the responsibility and authority to: (i) provide a forum for exchange of information related to the Development and Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory; (ii) review and discuss any proposed material amendments or updates to the Development Plan and present the results of such discussions to the management or boards of the Parties for approval; (iii) review and discuss the Commercialization Plan for the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory and any proposed material amendments or updates thereto and present the results of such discussions to the management or the boards of the Parties for approval; (iv) oversee the implementation of the Development Plan and the Commercialization Plan; (v) monitor the progress of the Development Plan and the Commercialization Plan against the metrics agreed to by the Parties (such as timeline, costs, and revenue) and report on such progress to the management or boards of the Parties; and (vi) perform any other functions as the Parties may agree in writing.

(c) The JC shall hold meetings as mutually agreed by the Parties, but in no event less than quarterly unless Vyera and CytoDyn mutually agree in writing (which may include email), no later than thirty (30) days in advance of any meeting following the initial meeting of the JC, that no new business has transpired that would require a meeting of the JC. The first meeting of the JC shall be held within forty-five (45) days of the Effective Date and shall be held in New York, NY. After the initial meeting, meetings may be held by telephone or video conference, provided that the Parties shall meet in person at least once per year, and such meetings shall alternate between New York, New York and Vancouver, Washington. Minutes of all meetings setting forth decisions of the JC shall be prepared by the chairperson and circulated to both Parties within thirty (30) days after each meeting, and shall not become official until approved by both Parties in writing; minutes shall be presented for approval as the first order of business at the subsequent JC meeting, or if it is necessary to approve the minutes prior to such subsequent meeting, then the Parties shall approve the minutes within thirty (30) days of receipt thereof.

(d) The quorum for JC meetings shall be four (4) members, provided there are at least two (2) members from each of CytoDyn and Vyera present. The JC will render decisions by unanimous vote. The members of the JC shall act in good faith to cooperate with one another and to reach agreement with respect to issues to be decided by the JC.

(e) Disagreements among the JC will be resolved via good-faith discussions; provided, that in the event of a disagreement that cannot be resolved within thirty (30) days after the date on which the disagreement arose, the matter shall be resolved pursuant to Section 12.2; and provided, further that if the Dispute cannot be resolved pursuant to Section 12.2, then if such Dispute is a Reserved Dispute, then such Reserved Dispute will be resolved in accordance with Section 12.4, and if such Dispute is not a Reserved Dispute, such dispute will be resolved in accordance with Section 12.3(a).

(f) At each JC meeting, CytoDyn will keep the JC informed regarding the progress and results of Development activities with respect to Licensed Product in the Territory in the Field and Vyera will keep the JC informed regarding the progress and results of Commercialization activities with respect to Licensed Product in the Territory in the Field.

3.2 Alliance Managers. Each Party shall appoint, within ten (10) days of the Effective Date, an Alliance Manager. The Alliance Managers shall have the right to attend all meetings of the JC, as non-voting participants and secretaries at such meetings, and may bring to the attention of the JC, any matters or issues either of them reasonably believes should be discussed and shall have such other responsibilities as the Parties may mutually agree in writing. Each Party may replace its Alliance Manager at any time upon notice to the other Party.

3.3 Operating Principles; Expenses. The Parties hereby acknowledge and agree that the deliberations and decision-making of the JC, and any subcommittee established by the JC shall be in accordance with the following operating principles: (a) decisions should be made in a prompt manner; and

(b) the Parties’ mutual objective is to maximize the clinical and commercial success of the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory, consistent with sound and ethical business and scientific practices. The Parties shall each bear all expenses of their respective representatives on the JC, Alliance Managers and any other subcommittee established under this Agreement and such costs shall not be included in any other category of expenses under this Agreement, nor will they be deducted from Net Sales. The JC, the Alliance Managers and any other committees established pursuant to this Agreement or as determined by the foregoing committees, will have only such powers as are specifically delegated to it in this Agreement, and will have no power to amend this Agreement or waive a Party’s rights or obligations under this Agreement. Either Party may propose topics for inclusion in the agenda for a meeting of the JC; provided that that the chairperson of the JC shall have the authority to determine in which order such topics are discussed in the subject meeting.

3.4 Information Disclosure. Information that otherwise falls under the definition of Confidential Information contained in reports made pursuant to

Section 3.1 or otherwise communicated between the Parties will be subject to the confidentiality provisions of Section 10.1. Each Party shall have the right to use the Confidential Information disclosed by the other Party without charge, but only to the extent necessary to enable each Party to carry out its respective role defined in this Agreement or otherwise in exercise of rights granted to it pursuant to this Agreement.

4.1 Development Plan and Development Activities. CytoDyn shall have sole responsibility for, and final decision-making authority with respect to, performance of Development of the Licensed Product for the Initial Indication and any Subsequent Indication. CytoDyn shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to execute and perform the activities set forth in the Development Plan. CytoDyn shall conduct the activities under the Development Plan, and shall ensure that its Affiliates and contractors conduct their activities under the Development Plan, in a good scientific manner and in material compliance with Applicable Law, including cGLP, cGCP, cGMP and applicable national and international guidelines. For clarity, the Development Plan will only include activities related to indications in the Field.

4.2 Development Reporting. CytoDyn shall provide the JC no later than five (5) Business Days prior to each scheduled JC meeting, with written materials that summarize, in reasonable detail, material Development activities performed in the Field during the immediately preceding period since the last meeting of the JC, and compare such performance with the goals and timelines set forth in the Development Plan. CytoDyn shall also promptly provide the JC with notice of any material delay in Development when compared to the Development Plan.

4.3 Amendments to the Development Plan. CytoDyn may decide from time to time to propose for approval by the JC updates to the Development Plan as necessary to reflect changes in the progress of Development for the Licensed Product for the Initial Indication or a Subsequent Indication in the Territory. Any proposed change to the Development Plan shall set forth all anticipated Development activities and timelines. The JC shall promptly review such proposed change and shall as soon as practicable but in any event within fifteen (15) days following submission either (a) approve it or (b) provide comments to CytoDyn for its consideration. CytoDyn shall consider such comments (if any) and revise the Development Plan to implement all such reasonable comments and provide such revised Development Plan to the JC. If Disputes remain with respect to such amendments to the Development Plan, then such dispute shall be referred to the JC for resolution thereof in accordance with Section 3.1(e). For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to agree on a proposed update to the Development Plan or any Development activities is a CytoDyn Reserved Dispute.

5.1 General. Vyera shall have the exclusive right to implement, and subject to Section 5.5, final decision-making authority with respect to, Commercialization of all Licensed Products in the Field and the Territory. Vyera shall be solely and exclusively responsible for all costs and expenses associated with Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Field and the Territory. Vyera shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts in connection with such Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Territory for each indication in the Field for which such Licensed Products have received Regulatory Approval, and shall conduct Commercialization activities in material compliance with Applicable Laws and shall ensure that its Third Party contractors conduct Commercialization activities in material compliance with Applicable Laws. Without limiting the foregoing, Vyera shall have the exclusive right and responsibility throughout the Territory for the following: (a) receiving and accepting orders for the Licensed Product from customers; (b) distributing the Licensed Product to customers; (c) controlling invoicing and collection of accounts receivable for Licensed Product sales; (d) recording Licensed Product sales in its books of account for sales (in accordance with Vyera’s accounting standards consistently applied (currently GAAP)); (e) subject to

Section 5.5, determining pricing for the Licensed Product and all aspects of the promotion (including promotional materials) to be used in Commercializing Licensed Products; (f) negotiating with Third Parties, including without limitation, payors, pharmacy benefit managers and distributors, with respect to sales and distribution of Licensed Product; and (g) paying all rebates, chargebacks and other amounts due to customers in respect of Licensed Products (it being understood that all such amounts shall be deducted in calculating Net Sales). Notwithstanding the foregoing, CytoDyn acknowledges and agrees that in the event Vyera delivers to CytoDyn a notice of termination pursuant to Sections 11.2(b) or (c), the use of Commercially Reasonable Efforts shall take into account Vyera’s intent to cease its Commercialization activities as of the end of the applicable notice period and shall not require Vyera to take any action that is inconsistent with such intent.

5.2 Commercialization Plan. Attached as Attachment C is a written commercialization plan setting forth anticipated material Commercialization activities to be performed for the Licensed Product in the Initial Indication in the Territory (the “Commercialization Plan”). Vyera shall conduct the Commercialization activities in accordance with the Commercialization Plan and in performing such activities will ensure that it meets or exceeds the Minimum Requirements. No later than three (3) months prior to the anticipated First Commercial Sale in the Territory based upon the then most recent Development Plan, Vyera shall update the Commercialization Plan, and shall thereafter update the Commercialization Plan on an annual basis by providing the JC with such updates no later than November 1 of each Calendar Year. In each case, the Commercialization Plan shall, at a minimum, include the activities, investments and allocations set forth in the Minimum Requirements. To the extent that CytoDyn files any BLA with a Regulatory Authority to cover a Subsequent Indication in the Field not included within the then current Licensed Product target label and the FDA accepts such BLA filing for review on or before September 1 of any Calendar Year, the updated Commercialization Plan shall include the Commercialization activities, if any, to be performed with respect to the Licensed Product in such Subsequent Indication.

5.3 Commercialization Reports. With respect to Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Territory, Vyera shall keep the JC informed regarding the progress and results of such Commercialization. Such progress reports shall be provided at least quarterly and in a form reasonably acceptable to CytoDyn. Vyera shall also promptly provide the JC with any additional information regarding its Commercialization of the Licensed Product reasonably requested by the JC, including any material changes in any Commercialization Plan. Vyera shall inform the JC of any such material changes to a Commercialization Plan for the Licensed Product at the first JC meeting following such change.

(a) CytoDyn shall be responsible for the selection, registration, defense and maintenance of the trademarks under which Vyera will market all Licensed Products in the Territory, as well as all expenses associated therewith (the “Trademarks”). CytoDyn shall own all Trademarks and any domain names incorporating such Trademarks used by Vyera in connection with the Commercialization of Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory under this Agreement and all goodwill associated therewith. Vyera shall not have, assert or acquire any right, title or interest in or to any of the Trademarks. If Vyera acquires any rights in the Trademarks, by operation of Applicable Law, or otherwise, such rights shall be deemed and are hereby irrevocably assigned to CytoDyn without further action by either Party. Vyera shall not grant or attempt to grant a security interest in, or otherwise encumber, the Trademarks or record any such security interest or encumbrance against any application or registration regarding the Trademarks. Vyera shall ensure that all Licensed Products sold in the Territory bear the Trademarks.

(b) CytoDyn shall have the right to select all trade dress, logos, slogans, designs and copyrights used on and in connection with the Licensed Products in the Field in the Territory. CytoDyn will be the sole owner of all trade dress, logos, slogans, designs and copyrights specifically created by or on behalf of Vyera or used by Vyera on or in connection with the Licensed Products in the Territory.

(c) Vyera shall be responsible, at its expense, for preparing and producing Promotional Materials subject to the review and comment of CytoDyn. Vyera shall make its core Promotional Materials available to CytoDyn for review and comment prior to use, such comments not to be unreasonably disregarded by Vyera. The Promotional Materials used by Vyera or its Affiliates or sublicensees in the Territory shall be consistent with the Regulatory Approval in the Territory and shall in any event comply in all material respects

5.5 Decisions that are not Reserved. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 5 or any other section of this Agreement: (a) the Minimum Requirements may not be modified, amended or otherwise changed without the written consent of CytoDyn, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed; and [***].

6.1 Supply of Licensed Product. Vyera shall purchase all of its requirements for supply of Licensed Product exclusively from CytoDyn in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Supply Agreement. For clarity, in the event of a termination of the Supply Agreement, this Section 6.1 shall no longer apply to either Party.

6.2 Supply Agreement. The Parties shall enter into a Supply Agreement(s) for the commercial supply of Licensed Product on the Effective Date. The Supply Agreement(s) shall be in the form attached as Attachment D, with such changes (if any) mutually agreed by the Parties in writing.

6.3 Quality Agreement. Within ninety (90) days of the Effective Date, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith and enter into a quality agreement (a “Quality Agreement”) setting forth the responsibilities of the Parties with respect to quality assurance matters for the Licensed Product. The Parties acknowledge and agree that: (a) CytoDyn shall have primary responsibility for all quality assurance matters as the holder of the BLA for the Licensed Product; and (b) Vyera shall not be directly responsible for quality assurance matters with respect to the Licensed Product.

7.1 Regulatory Filings; Approvals. CytoDyn shall be responsible for preparing and filing all Regulatory Materials for the Licensed Product in the Territory and outside of the Territory and shall be the owner of all Regulatory Approvals issuing therefrom. CytoDyn shall be responsible for answering any queries from Regulatory Authorities, including those related to Manufacture of the Licensed Product. CytoDyn shall provide Vyera with a copy (which may be wholly or partly in electronic form) of all Regulatory Materials with respect to Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory. CytoDyn shall provide Vyera with reasonable advance notice of any scheduled meeting with the FDA relating to Development and/or the BLA for the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory, and Vyera shall have the right to silently observe (if and to the extent permitted by the FDA) and, if the Parties mutually agree in writing in advance, participate in any such meeting. CytoDyn shall promptly furnish Vyera with copies of all material correspondence or minutes of material meetings with the FDA in each case relating to the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory. For clarity, CytoDyn shall have no obligation to share information regarding its development activities, its regulatory meetings or other activities with respect to PRO 140 outside of the Field and/or outside of the Territory.

7.2 Inspections. To the extent permitted under Applicable Law and, if applicable, its relevant Third Party agreements, (a) CytoDyn shall provide Vyera with reasonable advance notice of any scheduled regulatory inspection of CytoDyn or Third Party Manufacturing facilities used for supply of the Licensed Product as contemplated by Article 6, and (b) Vyera shall be allowed to participate in any pre-approval readiness activities and audits for CytoDyn or its Third Party Manufacturing facilities. CytoDyn or its applicable Third Party manufacturer of Licensed Product shall control all interactions with Regulatory Authorities with respect to such inspection. To the extent permitted under Applicable Law and, if applicable, CytoDyn’s relevant Third Party agreements, Vyera shall have the right to be present during such inspection. CytoDyn shall use its Commercially Reasonable Efforts to ensure that any applicable Third Party manufacturer of Licensed Product is obligated to provide such access to Vyera (to the extent that CytoDyn has such rights of access). So long as CytoDyn is supplying Vyera supplies of Licensed Products pursuant to the Supply Agreement, it shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to obtain and maintain such rights of access for Vyera.

7.3 Adverse Event Reporting; Pharmacovigilance Agreement. CytoDyn shall be responsible for all adverse event reporting, including any and all Serious Adverse Events with respect to all Licensed Products for all indications in the Territory. CytoDyn shall maintain the unified worldwide adverse event database for the Licensed Products. Within ninety (90) days of the Effective Date the Parties will enter into the Pharmacovigilance Agreement, setting forth guidelines and procedures for the receipt, investigation, recording, review, post-marketing surveillance, communication, reporting and exchange between the Parties of adverse event reports, technical complaints and any other information concerning the safety of the Licensed Products. Vyera shall be responsible for promptly (and in any event in sufficient time to permit CytoDyn to comply with its legal and regulatory reporting obligations) providing to CytoDyn any and all information relating to adverse events, including, without limitation, Serious Adverse Events, that comes into its possession.

7.4 Licensed Product Withdrawals and Recalls. In the event that either Party: (a) becomes aware of an event, incident or circumstance that has occurred which may result in the need for a recall or other removal of a Licensed Product or any lot or lots thereof from the market; (b) becomes aware that a Regulatory Authority is threatening or has initiated an action to remove a Licensed Product from the market; (c) is required by any Regulatory Authority to distribute a “Dear Doctor” letter or its equivalent, regarding use of Licensed Product; or (d) places a Clinical Trial for a Licensed Product in the Field on hold for clinical safety reasons, such Party shall promptly advise the other Party in writing with respect thereto, and shall provide to such other Party copies of all relevant correspondence, notices, and the like. CytoDyn shall have final authority to make all decisions relating to any recall, market withdrawal or other corrective action with respect to the Licensed Product in the Territory and shall be responsible for conducting any recalls or taking such other remedial action, and Vyera agrees, upon reasonable request by CytoDyn to assist with respect to such recalls or remedial actions. The costs of such recall or remedial action shall be apportioned as follows: (i) if the recall or remedial action is due to the nature of the Licensed Product and its specifications as documented in the approved BLA, then CytoDyn shall bear the cost of such recall, (ii) if such recall or remedial action is due to Vyera’s Commercialization efforts (such as, without limitation, a false marketing claims triggering a “Dear Doctor” letter) then Vyera shall bear the costs of the recall. If the remedial action or recall is necessitated by a defect in the Manufacturing process for the applicable units of Licensed Product and CytoDyn (or its designee) is supplying the Licensed Product under the Supply Agreement, costs shall be borne as set forth in the Supply Agreement.

7.5 Other Safety Issues. At the request of either Party, the JC shall establish a subcommittee to handle the discussion of specific safety issues, advise each Party concerning the collection and evaluation of safety data, and respond to any significant safety issues raised, or requests made, by Regulatory Authorities.

7.6 Standards of Conduct. The Parties shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to perform, or shall use Commercially Reasonable Efforts to ensure that its Third Party contractors perform, all regulatory activities in good scientific manner and in compliance with Applicable Laws.

8.1 License Fee. Vyera shall pay CytoDyn a non-refundable, non-creditable license issue fee of $500,000 within three (3) Business Days following the date the Parties enter into this Agreement and the Supply Agreement.

8.2 Development and Commercial Milestone Payments. Vyera shall pay each of the following non-refundable, non-creditable payments to CytoDyn upon achievement of each of the following events with respect to the Licensed Product. Each milestone payment by Vyera pursuant to this Section 8.2 shall be payable only one time. Milestone Payment Upon [***] [***] Upon the later of (i) [***] and (ii) the [***] [***] Upon [***] [***] Upon cumulative Net Sales for the Licensed Product equal to [***] [***] Upon cumulative Net Sales for the Licensed Product equal to [***] [***] Upon cumulative Net Sales for the Licensed Product equal to [***] [***] Upon cumulative Net Sales for the Licensed Product equal to [***] [***] Upon cumulative Net Sales for the Licensed Product equal to [***] [***] Upon cumulative Net Sales for the Licensed Product equal to [***] [***] Total [***] [***]

Section 8.2. Within thirty (30) days of Vyera’s receipt of any such invoice, Vyera shall remit the applicable milestone payment to CytoDyn.

8.3 Milestone Payment for [***]. Vyera shall pay to CytoDyn [***] (the “[***] Milestone Payment”) in the event that [***] (a “[***]”) results in a [***]. Whether a [***] meets the criteria set forth in this Section 8.3 will be determined in good faith by the JC. The determination of whether a [***] results in [***] will not be a Reserved Dispute of either Party. In the event that the JC approves a proposed [***], the JC will discuss in good faith the details of the program that will be implemented to pursue the [***], including the budget, the timeline and any other items that the JC deems material. The proposed program will then be presented to the management of each Party for approval. In the event that the Parties agree to pursue a [***], CytoDyn shall promptly notify Vyera in writing following receipt of [***] and submit to Vyera an invoice for the [***]. Within thirty (30) days of Vyera’s receipt of any such invoice, Vyera shall remit the [***] to CytoDyn. The [***] shall be non-refundable and non-creditable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the JC and/or the Parties are not able to come to agreement on a program to pursue a [***], the decision on whether to pursue a [***] shall be made by CytoDyn in its sole discretion provided, however, that such [***] will not be eligible for a [***].

8.4 Milestone Payment for [***]. If CytoDyn receives [***], then Vyera shall pay to CytoDyn [***] (the “[***]”) in immediately available funds upon the receipt of [***]. CytoDyn shall promptly notify Vyera in writing following receipt of [***] and submit to Vyera an invoice for the corresponding milestone payment set forth in this Section 8.4. Within thirty (30) days of Vyera’s receipt of any such invoice, Vyera shall remit the milestone payment to CytoDyn. The [***] shall be non-refundable and non-creditable.

8.5 Milestone Payment for [***]. With respect to any [***] for the Licensed Product within the Field other than the [***], the JC shall determine in good faith (which determination, for the avoidance of doubt, shall not be a Reserved Dispute of either Party) the amount of the payment, if any, payable by Vyera to CytoDyn in the event [***] is received. Such payment as recommended by the JC shall be approved by the management of each Party. CytoDyn shall promptly notify Vyera in writing following receipt [***] for which payment has been agreed and approved and submit to Vyera an invoice for the corresponding milestone payment that the Parties have agreed upon pursuant to this Section 8.5. Within thirty (30) days of Vyera’s receipt of any such invoice, Vyera shall remit the milestone payment to CytoDyn. Each milestone payment for a [***] shall be non-refundable and non-creditable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that the JC is unable to agree on whether to pursue a [***], the decision as to whether to pursue a [***] shall be made by CytoDyn in its sole discretion provided, however, that such [***] will not be eligible for a milestone payment pursuant to this Section

8.6 Royalty Obligation. Vyera shall pay to CytoDyn royalties equal to fifty percent (50%) of Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Territory during the Royalty Term; provided that, after the Step-Down Date, the royalty percentage will be reduced to [***] of Net Sales of Licensed Products in the Territory throughout the remaining period in the Royalty Term. Royalties shall be payable commencing upon the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product in the Territory until the expiration of the Royalty Term in the Territory. Following the expiration of the Royalty Term with respect to the Licensed Product, the licenses granted under Section 2.1 with respect to such Licensed Product in the Field and the Territory shall be non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, fully-paid and royalty-free.

8.7 Required Licenses. If either Party receives a notice from a Third Party indicating that the Commercialization of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory infringes a Third Party Patent, it will promptly notify the other Party. The Parties will thereafter discuss a response in good faith. If the Parties agree in good faith that it is reasonable to enter into a license with such Third Party to avoid infringement of such Third Party patent(s)by the sale, offer for sale or use of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory (each such license, a “Required Third Party License”), then CytoDyn shall have the right to negotiate the terms of such Required Third Party License and the amounts payable under such Required Third Party License shall be deducted from the royalties payable to CytoDyn. If either of the Parties agree in good faith that it is not reasonable to enter into a license with a Third Party to avoid infringement by the sale, offer for sale or use of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory, any fees, costs or expenses incurred by either Party, including, without limitation, damages as a result of an infringement claim, will be borne by CytoDyn in accordance with Section 13.2. If the Parties agree in good faith that it is appropriate to bring an opposition, action for declaratory judgment, nullity action, interference, declaration for non-infringement, re- examination or other attack upon the validity, title or enforceability of a patent owned or controlled by a Third Party based on its’ potential adverse impact on the patent freedom-to-operate with respect to the Commercialization of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory, then CytoDyn shall control such action and shall be responsible for the costs of such action. CytoDyn shall provide Vyera with copies of any substantive documents related to such proceedings and reasonable notice of all such proceedings. Vyera may itself or through its counsel offer comments and suggestions with respect to the matters that are the subject of this Section 8.7 and CytoDyn shall consider such comments and suggestions in good faith. If the Parties disagree in good faith as to whether it is reasonable to enter into a license agreement with a Third Party to avoid infringement by the sale, offer for sale or use of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory and such Third Party subsequently brings an infringement action (or an infringement action is brought on its behalf) that is solely related to the sale, offer for sale or use of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory, then the Party that did not agree to pursuing the Required Third Party License will be responsible for all costs, fees and damages incurred in connection with such infringement action in the event and to the extent any such infringement action is solely related to the sale, offer for sale or use of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory, and the provisions of Section 13.2 shall not apply if Vyera is the Party that did not agree to pursue such Required Third Party License solely for the sale, offer for sale or use of a Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory.

8.8 Royalty Report; Payment. Within forty-five (45) days following the end of each Calendar Quarter after the First Commercial Sale of each Licensed Product in the Territory, Vyera shall provide CytoDyn with a report in a form reasonably acceptable to CytoDyn containing the following information for the applicable Calendar Quarter for such Licensed Product: (a) the amount of gross sales of the Licensed Product in the Territory; (b) an itemized calculation of Net Sales in the Territory showing reasonably detailed deductions; provided for in the definition of “Net Sales”; (c) a reasonably detailed calculation of the royalty payment due on such sales; (d) an accounting of the number of units of the Licensed Product sold; and (e) the application of the reduction, if any, made in accordance with the terms of Section 8.7. Vyera shall pay all amounts due to CytoDyn with respect to Net Sales by Vyera or its Affiliates for such Calendar Quarter at the time of the submission of such quarterly report.

8.9 Third Party Financial Obligations. CytoDyn will be solely responsible for, and shall indemnify Vyera for, the payment of any royalties, sublicense revenues, milestones or other payments due to Third Party(ies) under Existing Licenses arising with respect to the Commercialization, under the licenses granted under this Agreement, of the Licensed Product, in the Field in the Territory.

8.10 Taxes. The amounts payable pursuant to this Agreement (“Payments”) shall not be reduced on account of any taxes unless required by Applicable Law. Vyera shall deduct and withhold from the Payments any taxes that it is required by Applicable Law to deduct or withhold. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if CytoDyn is entitled under any applicable tax treaty to a reduction of rate of, or the elimination of, or recovery of, applicable withholding tax, it may deliver to Vyera or the appropriate Governmental Authority the prescribed forms necessary to reduce the applicable rate of withholding or to relieve Vyera of its obligation to withhold tax. In such case Vyera shall apply the reduced rate of withholding, or not withhold, as the case may be, provided that Vyera is in receipt of evidence, in a form reasonably satisfactory to Vyera, for example CytoDyn’s delivery of all required documentation at least five (5) Business Days prior to the time that the Payments are due. If, in accordance with the foregoing, Vyera withholds any amount, it shall pay to CytoDyn the balance when due, make timely payment to the proper taxing authority of the withheld amount, and send CytoDyn proof of such payment within thirty (30) days following that payment.

8.11 Audit. Vyera shall maintain, and shall cause its Affiliates to maintain, complete and accurate records in sufficient detail to permit CytoDyn to confirm the accuracy of the calculation of royalties and milestones due under this Agreement. Upon reasonable prior notice, but not more than once per Calendar Year, such records of Vyera and its Affiliates shall be available during Vyera’s and its Affiliates regular business hours for a period of three (3) years from the end of the Calendar Year to which they pertain for examination at the expense of CytoDyn by an independent certified public accountant selected by CytoDyn and reasonably acceptable to Vyera, for the sole purpose of verifying the accuracy of the financial reports and correctness of the payments furnished by Vyera pursuant to this Agreement. Any such auditor shall not disclose Vyera’s Confidential Information, except to the extent such disclosure is necessary to verify the accuracy of the financial reports furnished by Vyera or the amount of payments due by Vyera under this Agreement. Any amounts shown to be owed but unpaid shall be paid within thirty (30) days from the accountant’s report, plus interest, as set forth in Section 8.12 from the original due date. Any amounts shown to have been overpaid shall be refunded within thirty (30) days from the accountant’s report. CytoDyn shall bear the full cost of such audit unless such audit discloses an underpayment by Vyera of more than five percent (5%) of the amount due, in which case Vyera shall bear the full cost of such audit. The audit rights set forth in this Section 8.11 shall survive the Term for a period of three (3) years.

8.12 Late Payment. All payments due to a Party under this Agreement shall be made in U.S. Dollars by wire transfer of immediately available funds into an account designated by the receiving Party. If a Party does not receive payment of any sum due to it on or before the due date, simple interest shall thereafter accrue on the sum due to such Party until the date of payment at the per annum rate of two percent (2%) over the then prime rate quoted by Citibank in New York City or the maximum rate allowable by Applicable Law, whichever is lower.

8.13 Equity Investment. Within seven (7) days of the Effective Date, Vyera shall make an equity investment of $4,000,000 in CytoDyn (the “Equity Investment”), pursuant to that certain Subscription Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment E and that certain Warrant Agreement substantially in the form attached hereto as Attachment F.

9.1 Mutual Representations, Warranties and Covenants. Each of the Parties hereby represents and warrants to the other Party as of the Effective Date and hereinafter, as set forth below, covenants that:

(a) Organization. It is duly organized, validly existing, and in good standing under Applicable Law of the jurisdiction of its organization, and has all requisite power and authority, corporate or otherwise, to execute, deliver, and perform this Agreement.

(b) Binding Agreement. This Agreement is a legal and valid obligation binding upon such Party and enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency, or other Applicable Law of general application affecting the enforcement of creditor rights, judicial principles affecting the availability of specific performance, and general principles of equity (whether enforceability is considered a proceeding at law or equity).

(c) Authorization. The execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement by such Party have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action and do not conflict with any agreement, instrument, or understanding, oral or written, to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or violate any Applicable Law or any order, writ, judgment, injunction, decree, determination, or award of any court or governmental body, or administrative or other agency presently in effect applicable to such Party.

(d) No Further Approval. It is not aware of any government authorization, consent, approval, license, exemption of or filing or registration with any court or governmental department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality, domestic or foreign, under any Applicable Law, currently in effect, necessary for, or in connection with, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument executed in connection herewith, or for the performance by it of its obligations under this Agreement and such other agreements (save for Regulatory Approvals and similar authorizations from Governmental Authorities necessary for the Commercialization of the Licensed Products in the Field as contemplated hereunder).

(e) No Inconsistent Obligations. Neither Party is under any obligation, contractual or otherwise, to any Person that conflicts with or is inconsistent in any material respect with the terms of this Agreement, or that would impede the diligent and complete fulfillment of its obligations hereunder.

(f) No Debarment. Neither Party nor any of its respective Affiliates has been debarred by the FDA, is not subject to any similar sanction of other Governmental Authorities in the Territory, and, to its Knowledge, neither Party nor any of its respective Affiliates has used, or will engage, in any capacity, in connection with this Agreement or any ancillary agreements (if any), any Person who either has been debarred by such a Regulatory Authority, or is the subject of a conviction described in Section 306 of the FDCA. Each Party shall inform the other Party in writing promptly if it or any Person engaged by it or any of its Affiliates who is performing services under this Agreement or an ancillary agreement (if any) is debarred or is the subject of a conviction described in Section 306 of the FDCA, or if any action, suit, claim, investigation or legal or administrative proceeding is pending or, to such Party’s Knowledge, is threatened, relating to the debarment or conviction of such Party, any of its Affiliates or any such Person performing services hereunder or thereunder.

(g) Transparency Reporting. Each Party shall be responsible for tracking and reporting transfers of value initiated and controlled by its and its Affiliates’ employees, contractors, and agents pursuant to the requirements of the transparency laws of any Governmental Authority in the Territory, including Section 6002 of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, Pub. L. No. 111-148, as amended, commonly referred to as the “Sunshine Act.”

9.2 Additional Representations and Warranties of CytoDyn. CytoDyn represents and warrants as of the Effective Date, and hereinafter, as set forth below, covenants to Vyera that:

(a) CytoDyn has all rights necessary to grant the licenses under the CytoDyn Know-How and the CytoDyn Patents that it grants to Vyera in this Agreement. As of the Effective Date and thereafter for the duration of the Term, CytoDyn shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates not to, grant to any Third Party rights that conflict with the rights granted to Vyera under this Agreement; provided that, Vyera acknowledges and agrees that CytoDyn shall have the right to license the CytoDyn Know-How, the CytoDyn Patents and the Inventions (a) outside of the Field anywhere in the world and (b) within the Field but outside of the Territory.

(b) CytoDyn and its Affiliates have provided or made available to Vyera prior to the Effective Date, copies of all material and relevant information (including all material agreements) with respect to the CytoDyn Know-How and the CytoDyn Patents (other than information that is confidential information of a Third Party and subject to obligations of confidentiality) and such information is true, complete and correct. CytoDyn has provided to Vyera an accurate, current, copy of each of the agreements under which CytoDyn has licensed Patents or Know-How used in the Development of the Licensed Product (the “Existing Licenses”), including all amendments thereto. To CytoDyn’s Knowledge, no material breach of any of the Existing Licenses exists as of the Effective Date which would give any party thereto the right to terminate the same. The Existing Licenses are identified on Schedule 9.2(b).

(c) The Patents set forth on Attachment A represent all Patents that CytoDyn or any of its Affiliates Controls that Cover or that disclose any Invention necessary or useful for the Commercialization of the Licensed Product in the Territory in the Field as of the Effective Date. CytoDyn is the sole and exclusive owner of the entire right, title and interest in the CytoDyn Patents owned by CytoDyn free of any encumbrance, lien, or claim of ownership by any Third Party. With respect to CytoDyn Patents Controlled but not owned by CytoDyn, CytoDyn has the right to grant the license granted to Vyera under Section 2.1 on the terms set forth herein, and such license does not conflict with the terms of any of the Existing Licenses.

(d) CytoDyn or one of its Affiliates Controls all CytoDyn Know-How which is necessary or useful for the Commercialization of the Licensed Product in the Territory in the Field.

(e) To CytoDyn’s Knowledge, there is no actual or threatened infringement or misappropriation of the CytoDyn Know-How or the CytoDyn Patents by any Person in the Territory in derogation of the rights granted to Vyera in this Agreement.

(f) To CytoDyn’s Knowledge as of the Effective Date and without any additional independent investigation by its outside patent counsel other than such freedom to operate analysis as have previously been performed and shared with CytoDyn, the Commercialization of the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory will not infringe or misappropriate the Patents or other intellectual property or proprietary rights of any Third Party in the Territory.

(g) The CytoDyn Patents that are owned by CytoDyn have been filed and maintained properly and correctly and are being diligently prosecuted in the U.S. Patent Office in accordance with Applicable Law. All applicable fees related to the filing or maintenance of the CytoDyn Patents have been paid on or before the due date for payment.

(h) All current and former officers, employees, agents, advisors, consultants, contractors or other representatives of CytoDyn or any of its Affiliates who are inventors of or have otherwise contributed in a material manner to the creation or development of any CytoDyn Know- How or the CytoDyn Patents, that in each case, is owned by CytoDyn, have executed and delivered to CytoDyn or any such Affiliate an assignment or other agreement regarding the protection of proprietary Confidential Information and the assignment to CytoDyn or any such Affiliate of any CytoDyn Know-How and the CytoDyn Patents, the current form of which has been made available for review by Vyera. To CytoDyn’s Knowledge, no current officer, employee, agent, advisor, consultant or other representative of CytoDyn or any of its Affiliates is in violation of any term of any assignment or other agreement regarding the protection of CytoDyn Patents or CytoDyn Know-How or of any employment contract or any other contractual obligation relating to the relationship of any such Person with CytoDyn or any such Affiliate.

(i) CytoDyn has used Commercially Reasonable Efforts to maintain the confidentiality of the CytoDyn Know-How. To CytoDyn’s Knowledge and without any additional independent investigation by CytoDyn, no breach of such confidentiality has been committed by any Third Party.

(j) To the extent permissible under Applicable Law, all employees of CytoDyn or its Affiliates performing activities under this Agreement are and shall be under an obligation to assign all right, title and interest in and to their Inventions and other Know-How, whether or not patentable, and intellectual property rights therein, to CytoDyn or its Affiliate(s) as the sole owner thereof. Vyera shall have no obligation to contribute to any remuneration of any inventor employed or previously employed by CytoDyn or any of its Affiliates in respect of any such Inventions and other Know-How and intellectual property rights therein that are so assigned to CytoDyn or its Affiliate(s). CytoDyn will be responsible for any payments to all such remuneration due to such inventors with respect to such Inventions and other Know-How and intellectual property rights therein.

(k) There are no material claims, judgments or settlements against, or material amounts with respect thereto owed by, CytoDyn, or any of its Affiliates relating to the CytoDyn Know-How and the CytoDyn Patents. No claim or litigation has been brought or, to CytoDyn’s Knowledge, threatened by any Person alleging, and CytoDyn has no Knowledge of any claim, whether or not asserted, that (i) any of the CytoDyn Patents is invalid or unenforceable, or (ii) the CytoDyn Know-How and the CytoDyn Patents, or the disclosing, copying, making, assigning, or licensing of the CytoDyn Know-How and the CytoDyn Patents, violates, infringes, or otherwise conflicts or interferes with, or would violate, infringe, or otherwise conflict or interfere with, any intellectual property or proprietary right of any Person.

(l) Neither CytoDyn nor any of its Affiliates has previously entered into any agreement, whether written or oral, with respect to, or otherwise assigned, transferred, licensed, conveyed, or otherwise encumbered its right, title, or interest in or to CytoDyn Know-How and the CytoDyn Patents (including by granting any covenant not to sue with respect thereto) or any Patent or other intellectual property or proprietary right that would be

(m) Neither CytoDyn nor any of its Affiliates, nor any of its or their respective officers, employees, agents, advisors, consultants or other representatives has made an untrue statement of material fact or fraudulent statement to the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority with respect to the Development or Commercialization of the Licensed Product, failed to disclose a material fact required to be disclosed to the FDA or any other Regulatory Authority with respect to the Development or Commercialization of the Licensed Product, or committed an act, made a statement, or failed to make a statement with respect to the Development or Commercialization of the Licensed Product that could reasonably be expected to provide a basis for the FDA to invoke its policy respecting “Fraud, Untrue Statements of Material Facts, Bribery, and Illegal Gratuities”, set forth in 56 Fed. Reg. 46191 (September 10, 1991).

(n) CytoDyn and its Affiliates have conducted, and their respective contractors and consultants have conducted prior to the Effective Date, and shall thereafter during the Term continue to conduct, all Development of the Licensed Product in material compliance with Applicable Law. CytoDyn has conducted, and has caused its contractors and consultants to conduct, any and all pre-clinical and clinical studies related to the Licensed Product in material compliance with Applicable Law

(p) CytoDyn has not breached in any material respect any agreements with any Third Party relating to the Licensed Product.

9.3 Additional Representations and Warranties of Vyera. Vyera represents and warrants as of the Effective Date and hereinafter covenants to CytoDyn that:

(a) To the extent permissible under Applicable Law, all employees, agents, advisors, consultants or contractors of Vyera or its Affiliates performing activities under this Agreement are and shall be under an obligation to assign all right, title and interest in and to any Inventions, whether or not patentable, and intellectual property rights therein, to Vyera or its Affiliate(s) as the sole owner thereof. CytoDyn shall have no obligation to contribute to any remuneration of any inventor employed or previously employed by Vyera or any of its Affiliates in respect of any such Inventions, Know-How and intellectual property rights therein that are so assigned to Vyera or its Affiliate(s). Vyera will pay all such remuneration due to such inventors with respect to such Inventions.

(b) Vyera has the financial capacity to meet its obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, the payment of the amounts due under Article 8 and the investments required under the Minimum Requirements.

(c) Neither Vyera, nor any of its Affiliates shall directly or indirectly, challenge, or assist any Third Party to dispute or challenge, in a legal or administrative proceeding the patentability, enforceability or validity of any CytoDyn Patents.

(d) Vyera will conduct all Commercialization activities in material compliance with all Applicable Laws.

(e) There is no pending, completed or, to Vyera’s Knowledge, threatened, action (including any lawsuit, arbitration, or legal or administrative or regulatory proceeding, charge, complaint, or investigation) against Vyera or any of its Affiliates that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on Vyera’s ability to meet its obligations under this Agreement. None of Vyera or any of its Affiliates have received any notice, warning letter or other communication from the FDA or any other governmental entity, which (i) contests the premarket clearance, licensure, registration, or approval of, the uses of, the distribution of, the manufacturing or packaging of, the testing of, the sale of, or the labeling and promotion of any pharmaceutical product, (ii) enters or proposes to enter into a consent decree with Vyera or any of its Affiliates, (iii) enjoins or prohibits Vyera or any of its Affiliates from undertaking Commercialization activities, or (iv) otherwise alleges any material violation of any Applicable Laws by Vyera or any of its Affiliates. The properties, business and operations of Vyera have been and are being conducted in all material respects in accordance with all Applicable Laws.

(f) Financial Statements. The Financial Statements provided by Vyera to CytoDyn were prepared in accordance with GAAP, applied on a consistent basis for all periods presented, unless listed otherwise in the notes to its Financial Statements. The Financial Statements accurately list and fairly present, in all material respects, the financial condition and operating results of Vyera’s direct parent entity as of the date of the statements, and for the periods indicated in the statements, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments. As of October 21, 2019, Vyera had at least $23,613,459 in cash on hand.

9.4 No Other Representations or Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 9 AND SECTION 2.6 AND SECTION 14.11,

PURPOSE, OR WARRANTY OF NON-INFRINGEMENT OR AS TO THE VALIDITY OF ANY PATENTS.

10.1 Nondisclosure. Each Party agrees that, during the Term and for a period of ten (10) years thereafter, a Party (the “Receiving Party”) receiving Confidential Information of the other Party (the “Disclosing Party”) shall: (a) maintain in confidence such Confidential Information using not less than the efforts such Receiving Party uses to maintain in confidence its own confidential or proprietary information of similar kind and value; (b) not disclose such Confidential Information to any Third Party without the prior written consent of the Disclosing Party, except for disclosures expressly permitted below; and (c) not use such Confidential Information for any purpose except those permitted by this Agreement (it being understood that this Section

10.1 shall not create or imply any rights or licenses not expressly granted under this Agreement). Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the obligations of confidentiality and non-use with respect to any Know-How or trade secret within such Confidential Information shall survive such ten (10) year period for so long as such Confidential Information remains Know-How and/or protected as a trade secret under Applicable Law.

10.2 Exceptions. The obligations in Section 10.1 shall not apply with respect to any portion of the Confidential Information to the extent that the Receiving Party can show by competent evidence:

(a) is publicly disclosed by the Disclosing Party, either before or after it is disclosed to the Receiving Party hereunder;

(b) is known to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates, without any obligation to keep it confidential or any restriction on its use, prior to disclosure by the Disclosing Party;

(c) is subsequently disclosed to the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates on a non-confidential basis by a Third Party that, to the Receiving Party’s knowledge, is not bound by a similar duty of confidentiality or restriction on its use;

(d) is now, or hereafter becomes, through no act or failure to act on the part of the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates, generally known or available, either before or after it is disclosed to the Receiving Party;
