(e) is independently discovered or developed by or on behalf of the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates without the application or use of Confidential Information belonging to the Disclosing Party; or

(f) is the subject of written permission to disclose provided by the Disclosing Party.

10.3 Authorized Disclosure. The Receiving Party may disclose Confidential Information belonging to the Disclosing Party, provided that any such disclosure shall be made only to the extent such disclosure is reasonably necessary, and that, other than in the instances of clauses (c) and (d) below (and with respect to (c) and (d) below, only to the extent required as set forth in an opinion of counsel), such disclosure of Confidential Information by Vyera shall not include CytoDyn trade secrets, or non-public Regulatory Approval, Regulatory Documentation, and Regulatory Materials, or CytoDyn Know-How absent the advance express written approval from CytoDyn, and in the following instances:

(a) filing or prosecuting Patents as permitted by this Agreement; however, CytoDyn may not disclose any Vyera Confidential Information as it relates to a Licensed Product;

(b) preparing and submitting Regulatory Materials and obtaining and maintaining Regulatory Approvals for Licensed Products;

(c) prosecuting or defending litigation, including responding to a subpoena in a Third Party litigation;

(d) complying with Applicable Law or court or administrative orders;

(e) in communications with existing or bona fide prospective acquirers, merger partners, lenders or investors, and consultants and advisors of the Receiving Party in connection with transactions or bona fide prospective transactions with the foregoing, in each case on a “need-to- know” basis and under appropriate confidentiality provisions substantially similar to those of this Agreement (provided that the term of such confidentiality obligations in such other agreement may only extend for five (5) years); and

(f) to its Affiliates, (with respect to CytoDyn only) sublicensees or prospective sublicensees, subcontractors or prospective subcontractors, consultants, agents and advisors on a “need-to-know” basis in order for the Receiving Party to exercise its rights or fulfill its obligations under this Agreement, each of whom prior to disclosure must be bound by obligations of confidentiality and restrictions on use of such Confidential Information that are substantially similar to those set forth in this Article 10 (provided that the term of such confidentiality obligations in such other agreement may only extend for five (5) years); provided, however, that, the Receiving Party shall remain responsible for any failure by any Person who receives Confidential Information pursuant to Section 10.3(e) or this Section 10.3(f) to treat such Confidential Information as required under this Article 10.

(g) If and whenever any Confidential Information is disclosed in accordance with this Section 10.3, such disclosure shall not cause any such information to cease to be Confidential Information except to the extent that such disclosure results in a public disclosure of such information (other than by breach of this Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event a Party is required to make a disclosure of the other Party’s Confidential Information pursuant to clauses (a) through (e) of this Section 10.3, it will, except where impracticable or prohibited by Applicable Law, give reasonable advance notice to the other Party of such disclosure and use not less than the same efforts to secure confidential treatment of such information as it would to protect its own confidential information from disclosure. Each Receiving Party shall notify the Disclosing Party promptly on discovery of any unauthorized use or disclosure of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information by the Receiving Party or any of its Affiliates, agents or representatives.

10.4 Terms of this Agreement. The Parties acknowledge that this Agreement and all of the respective terms of this Agreement shall be treated as Confidential Information of both Parties subject to the provisions of Sections 10.3, 10.5 and 10.6.

10.5 Publicity. Each Party agrees not to issue any press release or other public statement disclosing information relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby that contains information not previously publicly disclosed in accordance with this Section 10.5 without the prior written consent of the other Party, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned.

10.6 Securities Filings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Article 10, in the event either Party proposes to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission or the securities regulators of any state or other jurisdiction a registration statement or any other disclosure document that describes or refers to the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any related agreements between the Parties, or requires the filing of this Agreement as an exhibit to such registration, statement or disclosure document, such Party shall notify the other Party of such intention and shall provide the other Party with a copy of relevant portions of the proposed filing at least ten (10) Business Days prior to such filing (and any revisions to such portions of the proposed filing at a reasonable time prior to the filing thereof), including any exhibits thereto that refer to the other Party or the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any related Agreements between the Parties. The Party making such filing shall cooperate in good faith with the other Party to obtain confidential treatment of the terms and conditions of this Agreement or any related Agreements between the Parties that the other Party reasonably requests be kept confidential or otherwise afforded confidential treatment, and shall only disclose Confidential Information that it is reasonably advised by outside counsel is legally required to be disclosed. Each Party acknowledges that the other Party may be required by securities regulators, including the Securities and Exchange Commission, or advised by such other Party’s outside counsel that the financial terms, including the milestone amounts and/or royalty rates must be included in such filings. No such notice shall be required if the description of or reference to this Agreement or a related agreement between the Parties contained in the proposed filing has been included in any previous filing made by either Party in accordance with this

10.7 Equitable Relief. Given the nature of the Confidential Information and the competitive damage that could result to a Party upon unauthorized disclosure, use or transfer of its Confidential Information to any Third Party, the Parties agree that monetary damages may not be a sufficient remedy for any breach of this Article 10. In addition to all other remedies, a Party shall be entitled to seek specific performance and injunctive and other equitable relief as a remedy for any breach or threatened breach of this Article 10.

10.8 Publications. CytoDyn, in its sole discretion, may publish results of all non-clinical studies conducted with respect to any Licensed Product and in its reasonable discretion may publish Clinical Trials conducted with respect to any Licensed Product; provided that the results of CytoDyn’s Phase III Clinical Trial with respect to the Licensed Product in the Initial Indication meets all legal and industry standards for publication, CytoDyn shall publish such results on the clinicaltrials.gov website and CytoDyn shall provide Vyera with notification of any such publications. Should Vyera propose to make any publication relating to the Licensed Product, CytoDyn shall have the right to review all proposed publications prior to submission of such publication. Vyera shall provide CytoDyn with a copy of the applicable proposed abstract, manuscript, or presentation no less than thirty (30) days (fifteen (15) days in the case of abstracts) prior to its intended submission for publication. CytoDyn shall respond in writing promptly and in no event later than thirty (30) days (fifteen (15) days in the case of abstracts) after receipt of the proposed material with any concerns regarding patentability or protection of any Confidential Information or other comments that it may have. In the event of concern over patent protection of any intellectual property right, Vyera agrees not to submit such publication or to make such presentation that contains such information until CytoDyn is given a reasonable period of time, and in no event more than sixty (60) days, to seek patent protection in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, for any material in such publication or presentation which it believes is patentable. Subject to Section 10.3, any Confidential Information shall, if requested by CytoDyn, be removed by Vyera. Vyera will reasonably consider other comments made by CytoDyn.

11.1 Term. The term of this Agreement (“Term”) shall commence upon the Effective Date and, unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Article 11, shall expire on the last day of the Royalty Term. Upon the expiration of the Royalty Term, the license granted to Vyera under Section 2.1 of this Agreement shall become non-exclusive, fully-paid, royalty free, perpetual and irrevocable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Vyera exercises the Continuation Right (as defined in the Supply Agreement), then Vyera shall continue to purchase Licensed Product from CytoDyn pursuant to the Supply Agreement and shall pay CytoDyn for such Licensed Product the price specified in the Supply Agreement and a royalty equal to [***], provided that after the exercise of the Continuation Right, CytoDyn will not be obligated to supply Licensed Product exclusively to Vyera in the Field in the Territory.

11.2 Unilateral Termination by Vyera. Vyera shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety:

(a) on or after the second (2nd) anniversary of the Effective Date, upon written notice to CytoDyn in the event the approval by the FDA of the BLA for the Licensed Product for the Manufacture and sale of the Licensed Product in the U.S. for the Initial Indication has not been received by such second (2nd) anniversary; provided, however, that in the event of a delay that would reasonably be expected to result in the receipt of BLA approval on or after such second (2nd) anniversary, then Vyera may terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section

11.2(a) prior to the second (2nd) anniversary upon [***] notice to CytoDyn;

(b) following the occurrence of a Commercial Failure, upon [***] written notice to CytoDyn; provided, however, that Vyera’s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.2(b) shall only be exercisable during the [***] period following the date when sales data with respect to a Commercial Failure becomes available to Vyera; and

(c) at any time following the second (2nd) anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product, for any reason or no reason, upon one hundred eighty (180) days’ written notice to CytoDyn.

11.3 Unilateral Termination by CytoDyn. CytoDyn shall have the right to terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon written notice to Vyera on the occurrence of any of the following:

(a) Vyera or any of its Affiliates directly or indirectly, challenges, disputes, or assists any Third Party to dispute or challenge, in a legal or administrative proceeding the patentability, enforceability or validity of any CytoDyn Patents;

(b) Vyera fails to make a First Commercial Sale within sixty (60) days following the later of (i) the date Regulatory Approval is obtained and (ii) the date CytoDyn supplies (or is ready to supply) Vyera with the Licensed Product for sale pursuant to the Supply Agreement (the “Supply Date”);

(c) Vyera breaches its obligations or covenants under Section 2.6 (Competitive Products);

(d) Upon [***] written notice, in the event Vyera fails to meet any of the Minimum Requirements and has not cured such failure, to the extent curable, within such notice period; or

(e) Vyera fails to make the Equity Investment within seven (7) days of the Effective Date, as required by Section 8.13. CytoDyn’s right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to this Section 11.3 must be exercised within [***] following the occurrence of the applicable event or circumstance under the immediately preceding clauses (a)-(d) giving rise to CytoDyn’s right to terminate this Agreement.

11.4 Termination for Material Breach. Either Party (the “Non-Breaching Party”) may terminate this Agreement in the event the other Party (the “Breaching Party”) commits a material breach of this Agreement, and such material breach (excluding breaches of payment obligations) has not been cured within [***] after receipt of written notice of such breach by the Breaching Party from the Non-Breaching Party (the “Cure Period”). The Cure Period shall be [***] after receipt of written notice of such breach by the Breaching Party from the Non-Breaching Party for breaches of payment obligations (except with respect to Section 8.13, which is covered by Section 11.3(d) above). The written notice describing the alleged material breach shall provide sufficient detail to put the Breaching Party on notice of such material breach. Any termination of this Agreement pursuant to this Section

11.4 shall become effective at the end of the Cure Period, unless the Breaching Party has cured any such material breach prior to the expiration of such Cure Period, or, if such material breach is not reasonably susceptible to cure within the Cure Period, then, the Non-Breaching Party’s right of termination shall be suspended only if, and for so long as, the Breaching Party has provided to the Non-Breaching Party a written plan that is reasonably calculated to effect a cure of such material breach, such plan is accepted by the Non-Breaching Party (such acceptance not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), and the Breaching Party commits to and carries out such plan as provided to the Non-Breaching Party. The right of either Party to terminate this Agreement as provided in this Section 11.4 shall not be affected in any way by such Party’s waiver of or failure to take action with respect to any previous breach under this Agreement.

11.5 Termination for Safety Concerns. Either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement upon written notice to the other Party upon the occurrence of Serious Adverse Events related to the use of the Licensed Product that causes such Party to conclude based upon specific and verifiable information that the Licensed Product is unsafe for human use.

(a) Either Party may terminate this Agreement in its entirety upon providing written notice to the other Party on or after the time that such other Party makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors, files an insolvency petition in bankruptcy, petitions for or acquiesces in the appointment of any receiver, trustee or similar officer to liquidate or conserve its business or any substantial part of its assets, commences under the laws of any jurisdiction any proceeding involving its insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization, adjustment of debt, dissolution, liquidation or any other similar proceeding for the release of financially distressed debtors, or becomes a party to any proceeding or action of the type described above, and such proceeding or action remains un-dismissed or un-stayed for a period of more than [***].

(b) All rights and licenses granted under or pursuant to this Agreement are, and shall otherwise be deemed to be, for purposes of Section 365(n) of Title 11 of the U.S. Code and other similar laws in any jurisdiction outside the U.S. (collectively, the “Bankruptcy Laws”), licenses of rights to “intellectual property” as defined under the Bankruptcy Laws. If a case is commenced during the Term by or against a Party under Bankruptcy Laws then, unless and until this Agreement is rejected as provided pursuant to such Bankruptcy Laws, such Party (in any capacity, including debtor-in-possession) and its successors and assigns (including a Title 11 trustee) shall perform all of the obligations in this Agreement intended to be performed by such Party. If a case is commenced during the Term by or against a Party under the Bankruptcy Laws, this Agreement is rejected as provided for under the Bankruptcy Laws, and the non-bankrupt Party elects to retain its rights hereunder as provided for under the Bankruptcy Laws, then the Party subject to such case under the Bankruptcy Laws (in any capacity, including debtor-in-possession) and its successors and assigns (including a Title 11 trustee), shall continue to provide whatever rights held by and granted to the non-bankrupt Party with respect to and as licensee of the Patents and Know How licensed hereunder as such rights existed hereunder immediately before the commencement of the case under the Bankruptcy Laws. All rights, powers and remedies of the non-bankrupt Party as provided herein are in addition to and not in substitution for any and all other rights, powers and remedies now or hereafter existing at law or in equity (including the Bankruptcy Laws) in the event of the commencement of a case by or against a Party under the Bankruptcy Laws.

11.7 Effects of Termination. All of the following effects of termination are in addition to the other rights and remedies that may be available to either of the Parties under this Agreement and shall not be construed to limit any such rights or remedies. In the event of termination of this Agreement by either Party:

(a) Without limiting the effect that such termination shall have on any provisions of this Agreement, other than those provisions that this Agreement expressly provides shall survive such termination, all rights and licenses granted herein with respect to the Licensed Product shall terminate, and Vyera shall cease any and all Commercialization activities

(b) All payment obligations hereunder with respect to the Licensed Product shall terminate, other than those that are accrued and unpaid as of the effective date of such termination and those due in respect of sales pursuant to Section 11.7(d);

(c) each Receiving Party shall, in accordance with the Disclosing Party’s request, either return to the Disclosing Party or certify in writing to the Disclosing Party that it has destroyed all documents and other tangible items containing the Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party; provided, that a Receiving Party shall be permitted to retain one copy of such materials in its legal files to be used to verify compliance with its obligations hereunder and as otherwise required to comply with Applicable Law or such Party’s bona fide document retention policy;

(d) Vyera shall have the right to sell or otherwise dispose of any inventory of any Licensed Product on hand at the time of such termination or in the process of manufacturing provided that, Vyera shall be responsible for the payment of all obligations under Article 8 with respect to any sales of Licensed Product that occur during the subject wind-down period (including, without limitation, all royalties and milestones that may be triggered); and

(e) In the event of a termination by Vyera under Section 11.2, the following terms shall apply:

(i) at CytoDyn’s request, the Parties will negotiate in good faith a transition services agreement (the “Transition Services Agreement”), under which Vyera will provide certain Commercialization services to CytoDyn in connection with CytoDyn efforts to Commercialize the Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory;

(ii) the services to be provided by Vyera pursuant to the Transition Services Agreement (the “Transition Services”) will be negotiated in good faith taking into account (A) the activities undertaken by Vyera in connection with the Commercialization of Licensed Product during the Term and (B) Vyera’s then-existing resources and capabilities (it being understood and agreed that Vyera shall not (x) be required to hire any new employees or enter into any new agreements with Third Parties in order to provide the Transition Services or

(y) terminate any employee or agreement the primary purpose of which is to circumvent its obligations to provide the Transition Services);

(iii) the Transition Services Agreement will require Vyera to provide Transition Services for a period of up to six (6) months from the effective date of termination; provided that CytoDyn will have the ability to terminate Transition Services on a service-by-service basis as they are transitioned; and

(iv) Transition Services will be reimbursed at Vyera’s actual cost plus ten percent (10%) by CytoDyn.

(v) At CytoDyn’s reasonable request and subject to the terms of the applicable agreement, Vyera will use its reasonable best efforts to assign to CytoDyn any Third Party agreements that relate to the Transition Services matters solely for Licensed Product in the Territory in the Field.

(vi) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 11.7, neither Party shall be required to return Confidential Information or other tangible items or documents to the other which are useful to the performance or receipt of the Transition Services until after the expiration or termination of the Transition Services Agreement.

11.8 Remedies. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, except as otherwise explicitly set forth in this Agreement, termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not relieve the Parties of any Liability or obligation which accrued hereunder prior to the effective date of such termination or expiration, nor prejudice either Party’s right to obtain performance of any obligation. Each Party shall be free, pursuant to Article 12, to seek, without restriction as to the number of times it may seek, damages, costs and remedies that may be available to it under Applicable Law or in equity and shall be entitled to offset the amount of any damages and costs obtained against the other Party in a final determination under Section 12.3, against any amounts otherwise due to such other Party under this Agreement.

11.9 Survival. In the event of the expiration or termination of this Agreement (including the expiration of the Royalty Term under circumstances in which the Parties maintain a supply relationship in accordance with the Supply Agreement), in addition to the provisions of this Agreement that continue in effect in accordance with their terms, the following provisions of this Agreement shall survive: Article 1, 10, 12 and 13, and Sections 2.2, 2.3(a), 2.5(a), 3.4,

5.4(a), 8.6 (last sentence only), 8.8, 8.10, 8.11, 8.12, 9.4, 11.1 (last two sentences only), 11.6, 11.7, 11.8, 11.9, 14.1-14.2, 14.4-14.5, 14.7-14.8, and 14.10-14.13.

12.1 Exclusive Dispute Resolution Mechanism. The Parties agree that the procedures set forth in this Article 12 shall be the exclusive mechanism for resolving any dispute, controversy, or claim between the Parties that may arise from time to time pursuant to this Agreement relating to either Party’s rights or obligations hereunder (each, a “Dispute”, and collectively, the “Disputes”) that is not resolved through good faith negotiation between the Parties.

12.2 Resolution by Executive Officers. Except as otherwise provided in this Section 12.2, in the event of any Dispute, regarding the construction or interpretation of this Agreement, or the rights, duties or Liabilities of either Party hereunder, the Parties shall first attempt in good faith to resolve such Dispute by negotiation and consultation between themselves. In the event that such Dispute is not resolved on an informal basis within ten (10) Business Days, either Party may, by written notice to the other Party, refer the Dispute to a senior executive officer (or his/her delegate) of the other Party for attempted resolution by good faith negotiation within thirty (30) days after such notice is received. Each Party may, in its sole discretion, seek resolution of any Dispute that are not resolved under this Section 12.2 in accordance with Section 12.3; provided that if the Dispute is a Reserved Dispute it shall be resolved in accordance with Section 12.4.

(a) Any unresolved Dispute which was subject to Section 12.2 and is not a Reserved Dispute, shall be finally resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules and Supplementary Procedures for Large Complex Disputes of the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) and otherwise as set forth in this Section 12.3, and judgment on the arbitration award may be entered in any court having jurisdiction thereof.

(b) If a Party intends to begin an arbitration to resolve a dispute arising under this Agreement after the provisions of Section 12.2 have been exhausted, such Party shall provide written notice (the “Arbitration Request”) to the other Party of such intention and the issues for resolution. From the date of the Arbitration Request and until such time as the dispute has become finally settled, the running of the time periods as to which a Party must cure a breach of this Agreement becomes suspended as to the subject matter of the dispute. Unless the Parties otherwise agree in writing, during the period of time that any arbitration proceeding is pending under this Agreement, the Parties shall continue to comply with all those terms and provisions of this Agreement that are not the subject of the pending arbitration proceeding.

(c) Within ten (10) Business Days after the receipt of the Arbitration Request, the other Party may, by written notice, add additional issues for resolution; provided, that such issues have been subject to Section 12.2 and relate directly to the matter that is the subject of the applicable Arbitration Request.

(d) The arbitration shall be conducted by one arbitrator selected in accordance with the AAA Commercial Arbitration Rules and Supplementary Procedures for Large Complex Disputes as modified below, unless the matter in dispute has a value of at least $50,000,000 and either Party wishes to have the arbitration conducted by a panel of three (3) arbitrators. The arbitrator(s) shall be experienced in the subject matter of the Arbitration Request as it applies to the biotechnology or pharmaceutical business. The Parties shall cooperate to attempt to select the arbitrator(s) by agreement within twenty (20) days of the initiation of arbitration. If agreement cannot be reached within such twenty (20) days, then that AAA will submit a list of twenty (20) qualified arbitrators from which each Party shall strike unacceptable entries; provided that each Party shall not strike more than thirty-five percent (35%) of the names without cause, and rank the remaining names. The AAA shall appoint the arbitrator(s) with the highest combined ranking(s). If these procedures fail to result in selection of the required number of arbitrators, the AAA shall appoint the arbitrator(s), allowing each side challenges for cause. The arbitration shall be held in New York, New York and all proceedings and communications shall be conducted in English. The Parties shall each use their best efforts to have the arbitration hearing held as soon as practicable and in any event within sixty (60) days after the selection of the arbitrator(s). At least five (5) Business Days prior to the arbitration hearing, each Party shall submit to the other Party and the arbitrator(s) a copy of all exhibits on which such Party intends to rely at the hearing, a pre-hearing brief (up to twenty (20) pages), and a proposed ruling (up to five (5) pages). The proposed ruling shall be limited to proposed rulings and remedies on each issue, and shall contain no argument on or analysis of the facts or issues. Within five (5) Business Days after close of the hearing, each Party may submit a post-hearing brief (up to five (5) pages) to the arbitrator(s).

(e) Either Party may apply first to the arbitrator(s) for interim injunctive relief until the arbitration decision is rendered or the arbitration matter is otherwise resolved; provided, that if such Party determines that such injunctive relief cannot be awarded in a timeframe adequate to protect such Party’s interests, then a Party may, without waiving any right or remedy under this Agreement, seek from any court having jurisdiction any injunctive or provisional relief necessary to protect the rights or property of that Party pending resolution of the arbitration matter pursuant to this Section 12.3. The arbitrators shall have no

(f) The Parties hereby agree that any disputed performance or suspended performance pending the resolution of an arbitration matter that the arbitrators determine to be required to be performed by a Party must be completed within a reasonable time period following the final decision of the arbitrators.

(g) Each Party shall bear its own attorneys’ fees, costs, and disbursements arising out of the arbitration, and shall pay an equal share of the fees and costs of the arbitrators; provided, however, that the arbitrators shall be authorized to determine whether a Party is the prevailing Party, and if so, to award to that prevailing Party reimbursement for its reasonable attorneys’ fees, costs and disbursements (including, for example, expert witness fees and expenses, photocopy charges and travel expenses), and/or the fees and costs of the arbitrators.

(h) Except to the extent necessary to confirm an award or decision or as may be required by Applicable Laws, neither a Party nor an arbitrator may disclose the existence, content, or results of an arbitration without the prior written consent of both Parties.

(i) By agreeing to this binding arbitration provision, the Parties understand that they are waiving certain rights and protections which may otherwise be available if a dispute between the Parties were determined by litigation in court, including the right to seek or obtain certain types of damages precluded by this provision, the right to a jury trial, certain rights of appeal, and a right to invoke formal rules of procedure and evidence.

12.4 Reserved Disputes. Certain disputes that are specifically defined below shall be finally decided by the executive officer of one of the Parties (“Reserved Disputes”). In such cases, the executive officer of that Party shall make his or her decision with regard to the Reserved Dispute within twenty

(20) days of its referral and such decision shall be final and binding and shall not be subject to Section 12.3. Reserved Disputes shall not include disputes with respect to the interpretation, breach, termination or invalidity of this Agreement. [***]

12.5 Preliminary Injunctions. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, a Party may seek a temporary restraining order or a preliminary injunction from any court of competent jurisdiction in order to prevent immediate and irreparable injury, loss, or damage on a provisional basis.

12.6 Patent and Trademark Disputes. Notwithstanding anything in this Article 12 or Section 14.2 of this Agreement to the contrary, as between the Parties, and pursuant to Section 9.3(c) (with respect to matters subject to Section 9.3(c)), any and all issues regarding the scope, construction, validity, and enforceability of any Patent or trademark relating to a Licensed Product that is the subject of this Agreement shall be determined in a court or other tribunal, as the case may be, of competent jurisdiction under applicable Federal patent or trademark laws.

12.7 Tolling. During the pendency of any Dispute resolution proceeding between the Parties under this Article 12, the obligation to make any payment under this Agreement from one Party to the other Party, which payment is the subject, in whole or in part, of a proceeding under this Article 12, shall be tolled until the final outcome of such Dispute has been established. Any undisputed payment obligations (including undisputed portions of a payment obligation that is subject to a proceeding under this Article 12) shall not be tolled during such Dispute.

12.8 Confidentiality. Any and all activities conducted under this Article 12, including any and all proceedings and decisions hereunder, shall be deemed Confidential Information of each of the Parties, and shall be subject to Article 10.

12.9 WAIVER OF RIGHT TO JURY TRIAL. In connection with the Parties’ rights under this Article 12, EACH PARTY, TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED

PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS IT CONTEMPLATES. THIS WAIVER APPLIES TO ANY ACTION OR LEGAL PROCEEDING, WHETHER SOUNDING IN CONTRACT, TORT, OR OTHERWISE.

13.1 Indemnification by Vyera. Vyera hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless CytoDyn and its Affiliates, and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives (each, a “CytoDyn Indemnitee”) from and against any and all claims, suits, actions, demands, liabilities, expenses and/or losses, including reasonable legal expenses and attorneys’ fees (collectively, the “Losses”), to which any CytoDyn Indemnitee may become subject as a result of any claim, demand, action or other proceeding by any Third Party (each, a “Claim”) to the extent such Losses arise directly or indirectly out of: (a) the breach by Vyera of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by Vyera in this Agreement; (b) Commercialization activities undertaken by or on behalf of Vyera or its Affiliates; (c) the negligence, gross negligence, illegal conduct or willful misconduct of Vyera or its Affiliate, or any officer, director, employee, agent or representative thereof; except, with respect to each of subsections (a), (b) and (c) above, to the extent such Losses arise directly or indirectly from the negligence, gross negligence, illegal conduct or willful misconduct of any CytoDyn Indemnitee or the breach by CytoDyn of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by CytoDyn in this Agreement.

13.2 Indemnification by CytoDyn. CytoDyn hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless Vyera and its Affiliates and each of their respective directors, officers, employees, agents and representatives (each, a “Vyera Indemnitee”) from and against any and all Losses to which any Vyera Indemnitee may become subject as a result of any Claim to the extent such Losses arise directly or indirectly out of: (a) the breach by CytoDyn of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by CytoDyn in this Agreement; (b) the negligence, gross negligence, illegal conduct, or willful misconduct of CytoDyn or its Affiliate or its licensee (other than Vyera or its Affiliate), or any officer, director, employee, agent or representative thereof; or (c) subject to Section 8.7, the infringement of Third Party Patents or the misappropriation of Third Party Know-How by the sale, offer for sale or use of any Licensed Product in the Field in the Territory; except, with respect to each of subsections (a), (b) or (c) above, to the extent such Losses arise directly or indirectly from the negligence, gross negligence, illegal conduct or willful misconduct of any Vyera Indemnitee or the breach by Vyera of any warranty, representation, covenant or agreement made by Vyera in this Agreement.

(a) Notice. Promptly after a CytoDyn Indemnitee or a Vyera Indemnitee (each, an “Indemnitee”) receives notice of a pending or threatened Claim, such Indemnitee shall give written notice of the Claim to the Party from whom the Indemnitee is entitled to receive indemnification pursuant to Sections 13.1 or 13.2, as applicable (the “Indemnifying Party”). However, an Indemnitee’s delay in providing or failure to provide such notice shall not relieve the Indemnifying Party of its indemnification obligations, except to the extent it can demonstrate actual prejudice due to the delay or lack of notice.

(b) Defense. Upon receipt of notice under this Section 13.3 from the Indemnitee, the Indemnifying Party will have the duty to either compromise or defend, at its own expense and by counsel (reasonably satisfactory to Indemnitee) such Claim. The Indemnifying Party will promptly (and in any event not more than twenty (20) days after receipt of the Indemnitee’s original notice) notify the Indemnitee in writing that it acknowledges its obligation to indemnify the Indemnitee with respect to the Claim pursuant to this Article 13 and of its intention either to compromise or defend such Claim. Once the Indemnifying Party gives such notice to the Indemnitee, the Indemnifying Party is not liable to the Indemnitee for the fees of other counsel or any other expenses subsequently incurred by the Indemnitee in connection with such defense, other than the Indemnitee’s reasonable out of pocket Third Party expenses related to its investigation and cooperation, except as otherwise provided in the next sentence. As to all Claims as to which the Indemnifying Party has assumed control under this Section

13.3(b), the Indemnitee shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in the defense of a Claim (as reasonably directed by the Indemnifying Party) at its own expense; provided, however, that if the Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded, based upon a written opinion from outside legal counsel, that there is a conflict of interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnitee in the defense of such Claim, in which case the Indemnifying Party shall pay the fees and expenses of one (1) law firm serving as counsel for the Indemnitee in relation to such Third Party Claim.

(c) Cooperation. The Indemnitee shall reasonably cooperate with the Indemnifying Party and its legal representatives in the investigation and defense of any Claim. The Indemnifying Party shall keep the Indemnitee informed on a reasonable and timely basis as to the status of such Claim (to the extent the Indemnitee is not participating in the defense of such Claim) and conduct the defense of such Claim in a prudent manner.

(d) Settlement. If an Indemnifying Party assumes the defense of a Claim, no compromise or settlement of such Claim may be effected by the Indemnifying Party without the Indemnitee’s written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Indemnitee’s consent shall not be required of a settlement where: (i) there is no finding or admission of any violation of law or any violation of the rights of any person and no effect on any other claims that may be made against the Indemnitee;

(ii) the sole relief provided is monetary damages that are paid in full by the Indemnifying Party; (iii) the Indemnitee’s rights under this Agreement are not adversely affected; and (iv) there is a full release of the Indemnitee from such Claim. If the Indemnifying Party fails to assume defense of a Claim within a reasonable time, the Indemnitee may settle such Claim on such terms as it deems appropriate with the consent of the Indemnifying Party (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned), and the Indemnifying Party shall be obligated to indemnify the Indemnitee for such settlement as provided in this Article 13. It is understood that only Vyera and CytoDyn may claim indemnification under this Agreement (on its own behalf or on behalf of its Indemnitees), and other Indemnitees may not directly claim indemnity under this Agreement.

13.4 Insurance. Each Party, at its own expense, shall maintain comprehensive general liability, product liability and other appropriate insurance for the activities such Party undertakes pursuant to this Agreement, from reputable and financially secure insurance carriers in a form and at levels consistent with sound business practice and adequate in light of its obligations under this Agreement. Each Party shall provide a certificate of insurance (or evidence of self-insurance) evidencing such coverage to the other Party upon request. Such insurance will not create a limit to a Party’s liability with respect to its indemnification obligations under this Article 13 or otherwise. This Section 13.4 will survive expiration or termination of this Agreement for the period in which the Licensed Product is being Commercialized by or on behalf of Vyera plus six (6) years. Each Party shall provide the other Party with prompt written notice of any cancellation, non-renewal or material change in such insurance that could materially adversely affect the rights of the other Party hereunder, and shall provide such notice within thirty (30) days after any such cancellation, non-renewal or material change.

13.5 Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR A PARTY’S OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 13, AND ANY BREACH OF ARTICLE 10 (CONFIDENTIALITY), IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY (OR THE OTHER PARTY’S AFFILIATES OR SUBLICENSEES) IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR LOST REVENUE, LOST PROFITS, LOST ROYALTIES, LOST SAVINGS, LOSS OF

STRICT LIABILITY, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN PLACED ON NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. FOR CLARITY AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE PROVISIONS OF THE FIRST SENTENCE OF THIS SECTION 13.5, ROYALTIES AND MILESTONES PAYABLE TO CYTODYN IN CONNECTION WITH VYERA’S COMMERCIALIZATION OF LICENSED PRODUCTS IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT COULD CONSTITUTE DIRECT DAMAGES TO THE EXTENT AWARDED IN ACCORDANCE WITH ARTICLE 12.

14.1 Notices. All notices and other communications given or made pursuant hereto shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given on the date delivered, if delivered personally, or on the next Business Day after being sent by reputable international overnight courier (with delivery tracking provided, signature required and delivery prepaid), in each case, to the Parties at the following addresses, each as may be specified below (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified by notice given in accordance with this Section 14.1). If to Vyera: Vyera Pharmaceuticals, LLC 600 Third Avenue, 10th Floor New York, NY 10016 Attention: Legal Department Email: [***] with a copy to: Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP 101 Park Avenue New York, NY 10178-0060 Attention: [***] Email: [***]

14.2 Governing Law. This Agreement and all disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement or any breach hereof shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any choice of law principles that would result in the application of the laws of any other jurisdiction. The United Nations Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods shall not apply to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement

14.3 Designation of Affiliates. Each Party may discharge any obligation and exercise any right hereunder through delegation of its obligations or rights to any of its Affiliates. Each Party hereby guarantees the performance by its Affiliates of such Party’s obligations under this Agreement, and shall cause its Affiliates to comply with the provisions of this Agreement in connection with such performance. Any breach by a Party’s Affiliate of any of such Party’s obligations under this Agreement shall be deemed a breach by such Party, and the other Party may proceed directly against such Party without any obligation to first proceed against such Party’s Affiliate.

14.4 Relationship of the Parties. It is expressly agreed that CytoDyn, on the one hand, and Vyera, on the other hand, shall be independent contractors and that the relationship between the two Parties shall not constitute a partnership, joint venture or agency, including for tax purposes. Neither CytoDyn nor Vyera shall have the authority to make any statements, representations or commitments of any kind, or to take any action which shall be binding on the other, without the prior written consent of the other Party to do so. All persons employed by a Party shall be employees of that Party and not of the other Party and all costs and obligations incurred by reason of such employment shall be at the expense of such Party.

14.5 Force Majeure. Both Parties shall be excused from the performance of their obligations under this Agreement to the extent that such performance is prevented by Force Majeure and the nonperforming Party promptly provides notice of the prevention to the other Party. Such excuse shall be continued so long as the condition constituting Force Majeure continues and the nonperforming Party takes reasonable efforts to remove the condition. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Party shall not be excused from making payments owed hereunder because of a Force Majeure affecting such Party. If a Force Majeure persists for more than [***], then the Parties shall discuss in good faith the modification of the Parties’ obligations under this Agreement in order to mitigate the delays caused by such Force Majeure.

14.6 Assignment. Vyera may not assign this Agreement, or any rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of CytoDyn, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed provided that Vyera may assign this Agreement without CytoDyn’s consent to an Affiliate or to a successor to substantially all of the business of Vyera to which this Agreement relates. A Change of Control shall be deemed an assignment for purposes of this Agreement. Any permitted successor or assignee of rights and/or obligations permitted hereunder shall, in writing to the other Party, expressly assume performance of such rights and/or obligations. Any permitted assignment shall be binding on the successors of the assigning Party. Any assignment or attempted assignment by Vyera in violation of the terms of this Section 14.6 shall be null, void and of no legal effect. For clarity, nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit Vyera from undergoing any Change of Control, but if Vyera undergoes a Change of Control, it will be subject to Section 2.6. CytoDyn may assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder, in whole but not in part, to any Third Party not in a materially worse (financially and otherwise) of performing CytoDyn’s obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Vyera (it being understood that any other assignment of this Agreement or any rights or obligations hereunder shall require the prior written consent of Vyera, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

14.7 Severability. If any one (1) or more of the provisions of this Agreement is held to be invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction from which no appeal can be or is taken, the provision(s) shall be considered severed from this Agreement and shall not serve to invalidate any remaining provisions hereof. The Parties shall make a good faith effort to replace any invalid or unenforceable provision with a valid and enforceable provision such that the objectives contemplated by the Parties when entering this Agreement may be realized.

14.8 Waiver and Non-Exclusion of Remedies. Any term or condition of this Agreement may be waived at any time by the Party that is entitled to the benefit thereof, but no such waiver shall be effective unless set forth in a written instrument duly executed by or on behalf of the Party waiving such term or condition. The waiver by either Party hereto of any right hereunder or of the failure to perform or of a breach by the other Party shall not be deemed a waiver of any other right hereunder or of any other breach or failure by such other Party whether of a similar nature or otherwise. The rights and remedies provided herein are cumulative and do not exclude any other right or remedy provided by Applicable Law or otherwise available except as expressly set forth herein.

14.9 Further Assurance. Each Party shall duly execute and deliver, or cause to be duly executed and delivered, such further instruments and do and cause to be done such further acts and things, including the filing of such assignments, agreements, documents, and instruments, as may be necessary or as the other Party may reasonably request in connection with this Agreement or to carry out more effectively the provisions and purposes hereof.

14.10 Headings. The headings of each Article and Section in this Agreement have been inserted for convenience of reference only and are not intended to limit or expand on the meaning of the language contained in the particular Article or Section.

14.11 Construction. Except where the context otherwise requires, wherever used, the singular shall include the plural, the plural shall include the singular, and the use of any gender shall be applicable to all genders. Whenever this Agreement refers to a number of days without using a term otherwise defined herein, such number refers to calendar days. The terms “including,” “include,” “includes” or “for example” shall not limit the generality of any description preceding such term and, as used herein, shall have the same meaning as “including, but not limited to,” and/or “including, without limitation.” The language of this Agreement shall be deemed to be the language mutually chosen by the Parties and no rule of strict construction shall be applied against either Party hereto. Each Party represents that it has been represented by legal counsel in connection with this Agreement and acknowledges that it has participated in the drafting hereof. In interpreting and applying the terms and provisions of this Agreement, the Parties agree that no presumption will apply against the Party which drafted such terms and provision.

14.12 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the Attachments hereto, sets forth the complete, final and exclusive agreement and all the covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions and understandings between the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes, as of the Effective Date, all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings between the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof; including the Mutual Confidential Disclosure Agreement between the Parties dated as of January 31, 2019. There are no covenants, promises, agreements, warranties, representations, conditions or understandings, either oral or written, between the Parties other than as are set forth herein and therein. No subsequent alteration, amendment, change or addition to this Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties unless reduced to writing and signed by an authorized officer of each Party. In the event of any inconsistency between the body of this Agreement and either any Attachments to this Agreement or any subsequent agreements ancillary to this Agreement, unless otherwise express stated to the contrary in such Attachment or ancillary agreement, the terms contained in this Agreement shall control.

14.13 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in two (2) or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be executed by .pdf or other electronically transmitted signatures and such signatures shall be deemed to bind each Party hereto as if they were the original signatures.

[Remainder of this page intentionally left blank—signature page follows] Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q, 1/9/2020 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have entered into this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

By: /s/ Nader Z. Pourhassan Name: Nader Z. Pourhassan, Ph.D. Title: President and Chief Executive Officer

By: /s/ Averill L. Powers Name: Averill L. Powers Title: Chief Strategy Officer and General Counsel [Signature Page to Commercialization and License Agreement] Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q, 1/9/2020 Attachment A CytoDyn Patents [See attached.] Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q, 1/9/2020 Attachment B Development Plan [See attached.] Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q, 1/9/2020 Attachment C Commercialization Plan [See attached.] Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q, 1/9/2020 Attachment D Form of Supply Agreement [See attached.] Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q, 1/9/2020 Attachment E Form of Subscription Agreement [See attached.] Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q, 1/9/2020 Attachment F Form of Warrant Agreement [See attached.] Source: CYTODYN INC., 10-Q, 1/9/2020

Deal Terms Licensed Program/ Film or Video Inevitable “Licensed Rights” to ConvergTV and ConvergTV x All, including but not limited to: Channels and/or Distribution Outlets xSimultaneous Internet Streaming x OTT Television x Internet Protocol Television x Radio, short wave, microwave, fiber optic x Alternative, secondary and specialty distribution x Stored as VOD, Content Distribution Networks/Company Servers x Full Television Broadcast Rights: x Free: Terrestrial, Cable, Satellite x Pay: Terrestrial, Cable, Satellite x Direct Satellite IP Distribution Systems Licensed Territory x Worldwide ¨ Other: _______________________________________________ License Term Perpetual, unlimited runs x Other: 2 years Commencing: November 15, 2012 Run Dates Within ConvergTV determined parameters. License Consideration Revenue Share as specified in this CONTENT DISTRIBUTION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT. Authorized Language Primary: x All ¨ Other (specify): ________________________________________ May be subtitled or translated by ConvergTV into foreign language(s). Additional Terms Closed Captioned Version, - NTSC, PAL, SEACAM or standards to be developed, provided by ConvergTV. Producer Information Producer: Fulucai Productions Ltd. Name of Contact: James Durward Address: 3632-13 St. SW, Calgary, Alberta, Canada, T2T 3R1 Telephone: 403-689-3901 Email: jimdurward@shaw.ca 1 Source: FULUCAI PRODUCTIONS LTD., 10-Q, 12/23/2013 This CONTENT DISTRIBUTION AND LICENSE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is entered into as of November 15, 2012 (the “Effective Date”) by and between, CONVERGTV, INC., a Delaware Corporation, (“ConvergTV”), whose principal place of business is located at 3201 Budinger Ave., St. Cloud, FL 34769, P.O. Box 540817, Merritt Island, Florida 32954, and Fulucai Productions Ltd. (the producer, publisher, content owner, authorized distributor, agent, or assignee of the Program rights, licensor, and grantor, any and all referred to herein as the “Producer”), whose principal place of business is located at 3632- 13 St. SW, Calgary, Alberta, Canada, T2T 3R1. The foregoing entities may be individually referred to as a “Party” or may be jointly referred to as the “Parties”. The Parties agree as follow:

(a) For the License Term and within the Licensed Territory, Producer hereby grants to ConvergTV a right and license to Distribute the program, file or video listed on the Deal Terms above (the “Program”) consisting of (check one) ¨ episodes (series) or x one-offs, for unlimited runs for the License Term through ConvergTV channels and/or other distribution outlets, in accordance with the License Rights. The terms “License Term”, “Licensed Rights”, and “Licensed Territory” shall have the meaning specified in the Deal Terms above, which such Deal Terms are part of this Agreement and are hereby incorporated herein by reference. As used in this Agreement and this license, the term “Distribute” includes, but is not limited to, any and all License Rights specified in the Deal Terms, all rights of distribution, the right to copy and reproduce the Program, the right to create derivative works of the Program for the purpose of creating branding elements and short form promotional materials (“Promotional Works”), the right to sell copies, the right to import and export the Program and the Promotional Works, the right to display the Program and Promotional Works publicity, the right to transmit the Program and Promotional Works through any transmission or delivery method that exists today, or that is created in the future, to any number of devices or users, including transmission through simultaneous delivery or streaming, and the right to sublicense and/or assign some or all of these rights to others.

(b) Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to Distribute the Program on any ConvergTV channel, and/or other distribution outlets, that exists today or that is created or developed in the future and this right includes the right to Distribute on any channels of a ConvergTV affiliate and/or other distribution outlets without limitation.

(c) Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to Distribute and re-Distribute, including relicensing or sublicensing, the Program at such dates and times as are determined by ConvergTV in its sole discretion.

(d) Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to create (re-edit), at its sole cost and expense, new and different versions of the Program, create foreign language, subtitled or translated versions of the Program as well as to create closed captioned versions of the Program, including NTCS, PAL, SEACAM standards, or other standards, including those yet to be developed. 2

(e) Producer further grants to ConvergTV the right and license to utilize any and all footage from the Program for promotional and marketing purposes related to the Distribution of the Program and for promotion of channels or other distribution methods.

(f) The grant of rights and license pursuant to this Section 1 shall include, but not be limited to, the right of ConvergTV to Distribute and re-Distribute all or any portions of the Program and Promotional Works, including excerpts therefrom, and any new and different versions of the Program, on simultaneous internet transmission or streaming, internet protocol television and any television networks and stations, and/or other distribution outlets, via domestic or foreign television signals, as well as through CATV and DBS systems, satellite, microwave, fiber optic and/or other modes of Distribution yet to be developed, but which may be utilized by ConvergTV in the future. ConvergTV shall have the right to insert commercials within the Program.

(a) The Program shall be delivered to ConvergTV utilizing English as the primary language unless otherwise specified or as indicated in the Deal Terms.

(b) The Program will conform to and be delivered in accordance with Exhibit A.

(c) The Program must be saved as executable files (NOT as playable DVD/Blu-Ray movies).

(d) The Program materials delivered to ConvergTV shall be duplicate copies, and ConvergTV disclaims liability for any damage or loss to any original master delivered by Producer to ConvergTV.

3. Consideration. The Producer agrees and acknowledges that it will receive no upfront compensation for the rights it has granted herein and that ConvergTV has no obligation to Producer to exercise any of its rights under this Agreement. The revenue share for the Program is stated in Exhibit B. The Producer shall have thirty (30) days from the payment date to dispute the amount of any revenue share payout or any such claim or dispute is hereby waived by the Producer.

4. Program Exclusivity For The License Term Within The Licensed Territory. During the License Term (which is identified in the Deal Terms), Producer agrees that ConvergTV has the exclusive right to exercise the rights granted to it under this Agreement with respect to the Program, including those in Section 1, within the Licensed Territory.

5. Producer’s Representations and Warranties. The Producer represents and warrants for the benefit of ConvergTV that:

(a) it: (A) has the right to enter into and perform this Agreement and to grant ConvergTV all the rights and licenses granted by it herein; and (B) either owns the Program or controls the exhibition and distribution rights thereto;

(b) it has or will obtain, at its sole cost and expense, all rights necessary to enter into this Agreement and to permit the exercise by ConvergTV of the rights and licenses herein granted including any and all music synchronization and mechanical rights and licenses as well as any and all performance rights by the artists and/or other material susceptible to performing rights contained in the Program and that such rights that Producer does not have or cannot obtain are within the public domain and are free to exercise by ConvergTV;

(c) neither the Program, nor the production or use of the Program, or any element of the Program hereunder, will: (A) violate any right of privacy or any other right of any person, firm, corporation or other entity;

(B) be defamatory; or (C) infringe upon or violate any copyright, trademark, trade name, patent or any proprietary rights of any third parties;

(d) there are no agreements, contracts, commitments or licenses, nor shall Producer enter into any agreements, contracts, commitments or grant any licenses, which would prevent the fulfillment of this Agreement or impair or conflict with the rights granted hereunder;

(e) it has all required releases for the Program and to grant the rights and licenses specified in Section 1, including but not limited to personal appearance, voice, location, sync, mechanical and for any other use requiring authorization of a person, place or thing;

(f) it will not permit its Programs, other than as provided in this Agreement, to be displayed in full length, or nearly full length, on or through any channel, distribution or other platforms or services, or by any other means, including but not limited to the distribution or viewing platforms or services of ConvergTV’s competitors;

(g) it has not violated any law, rule, or regulation in connection with the creation or distribution of the Program; and

(h) it shall comply with the Producer Performance Standards set forth in Exhibit C.

7. Indemnification. Producer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless ConvergTV and its parents, subsidiaries, divisions, officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents, and their respective successors or assigns, from all costs, expenses and damages arising from any breach or alleged breach of the warranties made by it in this Agreement. Producer shall further indemnify, defend and hold harmless ConvergTV and its parents, subsidiaries, divisions, officers, directors, employees, attorneys and agents, and their respective successors or assigns, from all costs, expenses and damages arising from any costs, errors, omissions, slander, losses, liability or for any other cause as a direct or indirect result of the Distribution, transmission or publication of the Producer’s Program or content.

(a) Producer shall take all reasonable steps to protect all copyrights pertaining to each Program from infringement and will institute such actions and proceedings as may be reasonable to prevent any unauthorized use, reproduction, exhibition or exploitation by third parties of the Program or any part thereof, or the material on which the Program is based which may be in contravention of the rights and license granted to ConvergTV herein.

(b) If the Producer does not fulfill its obligation in Section 8(a) above, ConvergTV shall have the right, but not the obligation, to take such action as ConvergTV deems reasonable under the circumstances. For this purpose, Producer hereby appoints ConvergTV its attorney-in-fact to act in its name to prevent any unauthorized use, reproduction, exhibition, or exploitation of any Program or any part thereof. Any damages awarded or settlement payments made as a result of any action taken by ConvergTV shall belong to ConvergTV.

9. Non-Disclosure. The Producer agrees to not disclose, discuss, transcribe, publish or share: (i) any information contained in this Agreement; or (ii) any non-public, confidential or proprietary information as it relates to ConvergTV with any third party, including but not limited to any individual, person, corporation, company, or distributor, except that Producer may disclose such information or materials, to the extent reasonably necessary, to its attorneys, auditors, consultants, shareholders, and other fiduciaries who are themselves bound by confidentiality obligations with regarding any such disclosed information or materials.

10. Security of Content. For Programs licensed by and/or through ConvergTV and that are resident in the ConvergTV distribution platform, ConvergTV shall provide reasonable protections for the ConvergTV distribution platform to prevent the unauthorized distribution, unauthorized licensing, unauthorized sub-licensing, piracy, theft of content and/or unauthorized monetization of the Programs from the ConvergTV distribution platform.

11. Monetization of Content. The Producer agrees and authorizes ConvergTV, its subsidiaries, agents and/or assigns to monetize the Producer’s Program and content by traditional ad (commercial) insertion; product placement; branded programming; overlays; interactive advertising; merchandise; utilization of brand value; syndication (theatrical, televised, mobile, OTT, Internet, IPTV); social media television; interactive television; mobile app sales; cable, satellite, OTT, IPTV, mobile subscriber fees; subscription and premium distribution and any and all methods of content monetization that may now or in the future exist, by and on any and all known or future means of content distribution.

12. Force Majeure: If either Party is prevented from performing its obligations hereunder as a result of a force majeure event, then the non- performing Party shall not be liable to the other Party for its failure to perform such obligations. As used in this Agreement, force majeure shall mean any act of God, fire, flood, war, public disaster, other calamity, strike, or labor difficulties, or any governmental determination, action, regulation, or order, or any other occurrence beyond the reasonable control of the non-performing Party, which, despite the non- performing Party’s reasonable efforts, prevents the performance of its obligations hereunder. In the case of a force majeure event, ConvergTV will not be responsible for payment of any revenue share.

13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, which includes the Deal Terms and any and all exhibits, schedules or attachments to this Agreement, contains the entire agreement of the Parties, and supersedes any prior written or oral agreements between them concerning the subject matter contained herein. There are no representations, agreements, arrangements, or understandings, oral or written, between and among the Parties hereto, relating to the subject matter contained in this Agreement that are not fully expressed herein.

14.. Notices. All notices, statements or requests for approvals ("Notices") that either Party hereto is required or may desire to give to the other shall be given in writing by addressing the same to the other at the addresses set forth herein, or at such other address as may be designated, in writing, by any such Party in a Notice to the other. Notices shall be made by personal delivery, overnight courier, first class registered mail (postage prepaid and return receipt requested), facsimile or e-mail. A Notice shall be deemed served and received on the date executed on a receipt of acceptance or if by personal delivery, upon physical delivery of the same.

15. Governing Law. All questions with respect to the construction of this Agreement, and the rights and liabilities of the Parties hereto, shall be governed by the laws of the State of Florida. The Parties also agree that the venue for this Agreement shall be in the County of Brevard, Florida. The Parties expressly waive any claim to jurisdiction in any federal or other state forum or venue in any other county or place. In the event of any controversy, claim or dispute between the Parties hereto, including, but not limited to, any action at law or in equity, including any action for declaratory or injunctive relief, arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the breach thereof, the prevailing Party shall be entitled to recover from the losing Party all of his or her actual attorney's fees and costs in bringing, prosecuting, or defending said action.

16. Successors and Assigns. Subject to the restrictions against assignment as herein contained, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties, their predecessors, assigns, successors in interest, personal representatives, their past and present attorneys, principals, employees, independent contractors, officers, directors, shareholders, parents, issue, subsidiaries, agents, servants, estates, heirs, administrators, executors, conservators, trustees, legatees, and other affiliated entities of each of the Parties hereto.

17. Modification, Severability & Waiver. This Agreement may not be altered, modified, or changed in any manner except by a writing executed by the Party against whom it is to be enforced. Waiver of the breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement. If any term, provision, covenant or condition of this Agreement is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, void or unenforceable, the remainder of the provisions shall remain in full force and effect and shall in no way be affected, impaired or invalidated.

18. Audit. Each of the Parties may, at its own expense, audit the other Party’s compliance with this Agreement, including but not limited to, auditing the other Party’s representations and warranties.

19. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original and all of which together shall be deemed to be one and the same instrument. All counterparts so executed shall constitute one agreement binding upon all Parties, notwithstanding that all Parties are signatory to the original or the same counterpart. The Parties may execute this Agreement by facsimile and/or electronic means and such signatures shall be treated as original signatures for all purposes. IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement as of the Effective Date.

7 Source: FULUCAI PRODUCTIONS LTD., 10-Q, 12/23/2013 Source: FULUCAI PRODUCTIONS LTD., 10-Q, 12/23/2013

This Content License Agreement (“Agreement”) is between Global Music International, Inc. d/b/a Independent Music Network (IMNTV), located at 20 Old Stagecoach Road, Redding, Connecticut, 06896 (“IMNTV”), and Distributor, as set forth below, and describes the terms and conditions under which Distributor will distribute Programming provided by IMNTV as described herein. Distributor’s distribution of the Programming is subject to the Master Terms of Service (“MTS”) attached hereto as Exhibit A. All capitalized terms shall have the meaning set forth on the MTS. In consideration for the mutual promises and covenants contained herein, the parties agree as follows: Distributor’s authorized signature, is REQUIRED:

Provider Name: MobileVision Communications Ltd. Address: 100 Ba Li Zhuang Xi Li, Suite 907, ZhuBang2000 Plaza, East Building, Beijing, China COUNTRY PROVINCE: P.R.China Web Site www.looklook.cn Tax ID #: N/A Business Contact: Name: MengDi Xu Phone: +86 135 010 37211 Email: xumengdi@looklook.cn Marketing Contact: Name: BaoQing (Angel) Song Phone: +86 13911178981 Email: angelsong@looklook.cn Technical Contact: Name: WeiLi Cheng Phone: +86 13011813916 Email: chengwl@mobiledata.com.cn Billing contact: Name: RuoXian Qi Phone: +86 13161502302 Email: ruoxian@looklook.cn Billing Address: (if different from above) Customer Service Contact: Name: Liang (Dean) Wang Phone: +86 136 2131 5977 Email: deanwang@looklook.cn Notice Contact: Name: RuoXian Qi Phone: +86 13161502302 Email: ruoxian@looklook.cn Notice Address: (if different from above) Source: GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC., 10KSB, 9/28/2005

B. Term This Agreement is effective as of the last date signed below (“Effective Date”). The initial term of this Agreement will begin on the Effective Date and end twelve (12) months after the Launch (the “Term”). IMNTV will extend the Agreement on the same terms and conditions for additional one-year terms, providing Distributor and IMNTV agree, predicated on satisfactory performance by both parties IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Agreement by their duly authorized representatives.

By: Name Andrew Zhang Title PRESIDENT Signature /s/ Andrew Zhang Date 13/07/05

By: Name Corinne Fallacaro Title PRESIDENT Signature /s/ Corinne Fallacaro Date 13/07/05 Source: GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC., 10KSB, 9/28/2005

The following capitalized terms will have the meanings set forth below: “Bundles” means, any version of the Mobile Product that includes IMNTV content bundled with any other product or service. “Confidential Information” means the confidential or proprietary technical or business information of a party, including without limitation (a) proposals or research related to possible new products or services; (b) financial statements and other financial information; (c) reporting information; (d) the material terms of this Agreement and the relationship between the parties; and (e) planned launch dates. All of the information will be considered confidential only if it is conspicuously designated as “Confidential,” or if provided orally, identified at the time of disclosure as confidential. “Confidential Information” does not include information that (i) is in or enters the public domain without breach of this Agreement, (ii) the receiving party lawfully receives from a third party without restriction on disclosure and without breach of a nondisclosure obligation, or (iii) the receiving party knew prior to receiving such information from the disclosing party or develops independently. “Content” means generally text, images, video, audio, and other material. “Fees” means Subscription Fees that include IMNTV content.. “Internet Protocol” means any protocol used to route data on the Internet, or on any portion of the Internet, including all versions currently in existence or developed or implemented in the future. “Landing Page” means the destination web page for a Special Link, created and hosted by Distributor, from where individuals may begin the Registration Process for the Subscription Service or a Bundle, at such individual’s election. “Launch” means the date that the Programming is made generally available for purchase by consumers under the terms and conditions of the Agreement. “Programming”means IMNTV’s Content, as specifically described on Section B (1) of the Agreement. As used herein, “Programming” also includes any promotional and marketing Content provided by Provider for IMNTV’s promotional and marketing activities as described herein. “Programming Bundle Fee” means the fee actually paid by a Subscriber for a Programming Bundle that includes IMNTV content provided in accordance with this Agreement. “Distributor Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, brands, logos and trade names of Distributor. “Distributor Portal” means, collectively, the Distributor’s Site and any other web site or property from where Distributor promotes the Programming. “Distributor Site” means Distributor’s Internet web site intended to promote the availability of any Distributor Content, including the Programming, via mobile and wireless networks. Distributor Site is more fully described in Section A of the Agreement. “Subscription Fee” means the fee actually paid by a Subscriber for the applicable Mobile Content. “Subscriber” means any individual who purchases mobile content programming and: (a) who actually pays the applicable Subscription Fee; and (b) does not receive a refund of such Subscription Fee for any reason within thirty (30) days from the end of the payment period for which the Subscription Fee was paid. A Subscriber remains a “Subscriber” for the purposes of this Agreement so long as such individual continues to pay the applicable Subscription Fee. “Registration Process” means the download, payment, installation, and electronic registration process of the Programming, a Bundle or the applicable Software. “Registration Process” may include an online registration form Source: GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC., 10KSB, 9/28/2005 provided, hosted, and managed by Distributor, and may also, at Distributor’s discretion, include other methods by which a Subscriber may affirmatively request access to the Programming, a Bundle, or the Software. “IMNTV Marks” means the trademarks, service marks, brands, logos and trade names of IMNTV and/or Global Music International. “IMNTV Portal” means the IMNTV Sites where IMNTV promotes the Programming. “IMNTV Sites” means the Internet web sites owned and operated by IMNTV. “Special Link”means a formatted or “tagged” link that tracks traffic from the Distributor Portal to the Landing Page. “Subscribers” means, collectively, end users who have completed the Registration Process for any of the Subscription Products described herein. “Subscribers” includes “Recurring Subscribers.” “Subscription Products” means, collectively Products and Bundles that include IMNTV content. “IMNTV Mobile Product” means an IMNTV branded subscription product distributed to mobile and wireless devices, which includes services, products and Content from one or a variety of third parties, and includes any derivative, follow-on, repackaged, or substantially similar product offered by Distributor that includes IMNTV Programming. “Bundle Fee” means the fee actually paid by a Subscriber for the Mobile Product Bundle that includes provider content provided in accordance with this Agreement. “IMNTV Mobile Product Fee” means the fee actually paid by a Subscriber for the IMNTV Mobile Product. “Recurring Subscriber” for the purpose of this Agreement so as long as such individual continues to pay the applicable Subscription Fee, so long as IMNTV actually receives such fee. “Territory” means China. Other territories are subject to approval by IMNTV.

2.1 Subscription Transactions. Distributor will provide the following services to market, launch and distribute the Programming using its existing infrastructure as follows:

(a) Fulfillment. Each individual who purchases a Subscription must complete the Registration Process, where such individual will be prompted to provide certain personally identifiable information including a valid major credit card (e.g. Visa, MasterCard, Discover, American Express) to receive the Programming. Support for additional payment methods and additional credit cards may be developed by Distributor, with IMNTV’s prior written approval.

(b) Customer Support. Distributor will provide customer support in target Territory in a workmanlike and professional manner.

2.2 Distribution Channels. Distributor and IMNTV may create, sell and market Bundles that include the IMNTV Programming. Distributor may offer the Programming and any Bundles through all wireless distribution channels in target Territory. To enable all Subscribers to have access to the Programming, the Programming may be distributed in whole or in part via Internet Protocol in a manner that enables the Programming to be received and played back by mobile devices in the target Territory.

2.3 Hosting Services. Hosting of on-demand Programming will be provided at no cost to IMNTV in a format acceptable to local Territory wireless devices. Distributor will provide reports of aggregated Subscriber access and usage data concerning the Programming on a monthly basis, together with reports described in

2.4 Promotion of Programming. Distributor may use the Programming and IMNTV’s Marks to market, advertise and promote the Programming in the Mobile Software Application(s), the Distributor’s Portal, and in other on and off-line marketing efforts as follows: (a) promoting the Programming in directories, listings, and keyword searches; (b) deep linking to the Programming; (c) featuring Programming in various areas within the Distributor’s Software and Distributor’s Portal,

(d) communicating to users via Distributor’s consumer marketing channels such as on-line messages, member newsletters or email campaigns; (e) featuring excerpts, screenshots of Programming in marketing collateral and advertisements; (f) featuring the Programming in product demonstrations relating to Distributor’s

2.5 Distributor Support and Operational Responsibilities. Distributor will provide all “middleware” programming to facilitate connection of the content delivery platform to local Territory wireless networks. Distributor will perform localization of any software components to make the program possible to use in the local Territory. This is to include language translations or interface design changes. Provider will act as liaison with local Territory wireless carriers. This will include content review to insure content meets local broadcast standards and meets any local regulatory requirements. Distributor also agrees to secure necessary governmental approvals or permits necessary to operate in the Territory and to secure permission to enable distribution of IMNTV’s share of Subscription Fees to IMNTV in the United States. Distributor is solely responsible for monitoring, performance and ensuring the availability of the Programming and will notify IMNTV immediately of planned and unplanned Programming delays or outages.

2.6 Privacy. Distributor is responsible for complying with all applicable laws, rules and regulations relating to its collection and use of personal information from users of the Distributor Portal. At a minimum, Distributor must adopt, implement and comply with a Privacy Policy that: (a) is easy to find, read and understand;

(b) is prominently posted at the time that any personally identifiable information is collected or requested; and (c) clearly states what information is being collected, what the information will be used for, whether such information will be provided to third parties, and the choices available regarding collection, use and distribution of the collected information.

3.1 Grant of License. During the Term, for the activities described in this Agreement, IMNTV hereby grants Distributor non-exclusive rights and licenses necessary within the Territory to: (a) copy, store digitally, host and stream the Programming; (b) publicly perform, publicly display, electronically transmit, distribute and broadcast the Programming; (c) promote the Programming and use IMNTV Marks for Distributor’s promotion of the Programming as activities described in Section 2.4 above; (d) archive the Programming on Distributor’s servers; (e) encode, copy, and create continuous Programming excerpts of up to sixty

(60) seconds and transmit, publicly perform, distribute, and redistribute such excerpts to end users via the Distributor’s Portal for marketing purposes only(f) deep link to the Programming.

3.4 Programming Obligations. IMNTV will create and maintain it’s programming content and will deliver same to Distributor in a format suitable for the distribution over wireless networks in Distributor’s Territory on a regular basis.

3.5 Logo Trademarks. Distributor may use IMNTV logos and marks in the marketing of the Product, subject to pre-approved trademark usage policy and Brand Standards.

3.6 Dedicated Personnel. Throughout the Term, IMNTV shall designate at least one (1) staff member to provide Distributor with all reasonably necessary assistance, information and support relating to its obligations herein including, but not limited to, updating and maintaining the Programming.

3.7 Responsibility for Programming. Except as expressly set forth herein, IMNTV is solely responsible for all costs, activities, obligations and liabilities associated with: (a) obtaining all rights and licenses necessary for the authorized use and distribution of the IMNTV Programming as described herein including, but not limited to, all copyright, trademark rights, rights of publicity and rights of privacy, and any broadcast, rebroadcast, or retransmission rights or permissions; and (b) obtaining all necessary permissions and/or release documentation from all persons associated with the distribution of the Programming as described herein, including, without limitation, all performers.

The IMNTV Programming will not contain any advertising, either integrated or before or after each clip, except IMNTV I’Ds and IMNTV commercials for solicitation of Chinese music videos,without the prior written approval of both parties.

5.1 By IMNTV. As between Distributor and IMNTV, IMNTV owns or has the necessary licenses to all copyright, trademark, patent and other intellectual property rights in and to, and all other right, title and interest in and to the Programming, the Trademarks and the IMNTV Portal. Except as expressly provided herein, IMNTV retains the right to distribute the Programming in any medium now known or hereafter developed. As between IMNTV and Distributor (excluding the Programming and other Provider intellectual property), IMNTV owns all copyright, trademark, patent and other intellectual property rights therein, and all other right, title and interest in and to or associated with the Subscription Products, the IMNTV Sites, the IMNTV Marks, and the System and Subscriber data.

5.3 Trademarks. Each party: (a) will not create a unitary composite mark involving a trademark of the other party without the prior written approval of such other party; (b) will display symbols and notices clearly and sufficiently indicating the trademark status and ownership of the other party's trademarks in accordance with applicable trademark law and practice; (c) acknowledges that its utilization of the other party's trademarks will not create in it, nor will it represent it has, any right, title or interest in or to such trademarks other than the licenses expressly granted herein; (d) agrees not to do anything contesting or impairing the trademark rights of the other party; (e) agrees to promptly notify the other party of any unauthorized use of the other party's trademarks of which it has actual knowledge; and (f) will have the sole right and discretion to bring proceedings alleging infringement of its trademarks or unfair competition related thereto; provided, however, that each party agrees to provide the other party, at such other party's expense, with its reasonable cooperation and assistance with respect to any such infringement proceedings

6.1 Mobile Product Payments. Subscription fee in Territory is to be determined based on market research performed by Distributor with pricing to be agreed upon jointly and in writing Each quarter, Distributor will make royalty payments to IMNTV based on a Structure as follows: 55% of subscriber revenue for the subscription based services broadcasting IMNTV content only, net of telecom percentage provided in accordance with this Agreement. (“Programming Payments”), subject to the following: The parties acknowledge that some mobile carriers may bill end users for a full month in a single billing, and that others may bill for partial months or pro-rate the billing of Recurring Subscribers. For each full month of Fees received from a Recurring Subscriber, Distributor will pay IMNTV based on the Rate Structure (the "Full Month Payment"). To the extent that Distributor receives a partial month's Fee or pro-rated Fee from a Recurring Subscriber as a result of a carrier's billing practices, Distributor will pay IMNTV a proportionate or pro-rated portion of such Full Month Payment based on the amount received by Distributor.

6.2 Payments. All payments hereunder shall be payable to IMNTV in United States Dollars on a quarterly basis upon receipt from the wireless carriers in the Territory, except as follows:

(a) First Payment. The first payment to IMNTV will be payable upon receipt at the end of the first calendar quarter after Launch, and will include any amounts due, pro-rated based on the number of days in such period of time; and

(b) Last Payment. The last payment to IMNTV will be payable upon receipt at the end of the first full month after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, and will include any amounts due: for the last month that the Programming is available, prorated based on the number of days in such final period.

(c) Other Exceptions. All payments hereunder are exclusive of: (i) any trial or promotional periods during which a Subscriber receives access to the Programming before such Subscriber’s credit card is charged; and (ii) refunds, charge backs and fees attributable to contested credit card transactions

(d) Summary of Timing. The parties acknowledge the following that establishes timing of payments: (1) Distributor receives a carrier statement saying how much Distributor will be paid; (2) 30-45 days later the Carrier pays Distributor; (3) when Distributor is paid by a carrier, Distributor makes royalty payments to IMNTV.

(e) Exchange Rate. Payments to IMNTV will be converted from local currency to US Dollars at the official exchange rate posted on the day payments are made to IMNTV via wire transfer provided that currency exchange is approved by the relevant Chinese currency exchange administrative agency.

6.3 Provider Payment Location. Distributor will remit such payments a bank account specifically named by IMNTV..

6.4 Taxes. Distributor will collect and remit to the appropriate taxing authority, or require Subscribers to pay, any sales, use or similar taxes applicable to any retail sale or distribution of the Programming. Except for the foregoing, each party is solely and separately responsible for its own taxes, user fees, or similar levies.

6.5 Reporting. Distributor will provide IMNTV with a quarterly report or monthly report if available, summarizing the data relevant to the payment obligations herein within five (5) business days from the end of the calendar quarter. The reports will contain sufficient information to permit Provider to verify payments hereunder.

7.1 General Termination Rights. Either party may terminate the Agreement at any time in the event of a material breach by the other party that remains uncured after thirty (30) days written notice of the breach.

7.2 Termination for Programming Deficiency. Distributor reserves the right to issue a warning immediately to Subscribers, to temporarily or indefinitely suspend the availability of the Programming, or to terminate this Agreement (the “Remedies”) if IMNTV breaches this Agreement. In the event that Distributor exercises any of its rights set forth in this Section 7.2, Distributor will notify IMNTV of the Programming Deficiency, Distributor’s elected Remedy, and the available cure options, and will provide IMNTV with a reasonable period of time in which IMNTV may cure the Programming Deficiency (the “Cure Period”). During the Cure Period, if commercially reasonable, the Distributor may help IMNTV cure the Programming Deficiency, but is under no affirmative obligation to do so. If IMNTV fails to cure the Programming Deficiency within the Cure Period, Distributor may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice. In the event of a suspension or termination under this Section 7.2, Distributor will notify Subscribers that the Programming is no longer available. Distributor will be solely liable for any refunds pertaining to the Programming that are issued to Subscribers as a result of termination under this Section 7.2.

7.3 Termination for Bankruptcy/Insolvency. Either party may terminate this Agreement immediately following written notice to the other party if the other party:

(a) ceases to do business in the normal course; (b) becomes or is declared insolvent or bankrupt; (c) is the subject of any proceeding related to its liquidation or insolvency (whether voluntary or involuntary) which is not dismissed within ninety (90) calendar days; or (d) makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors.

7.4 Effect of Termination. Except as set forth in Section 7.3 above, upon termination or expiration of this Agreement: (a) the licenses granted to Distributor will immediately terminate; and (b) all fees due to IMNTV will be paid to IMNTV pursuant to Section 6.3 of this Agreement. In the event that Distributor terminates this Agreement pursuant to either Section 7.2 or 7.3 above, Distributor will notify Subscribers that the Programming is no longer available. Sections 5, 6.3, 6.6, 7.2, 7.4, 8, and 9 of this MTS will survive the expiration or termination of the Agreement for any reason.

8.1 Provider Warranty and Indemnification. IMNTV represents and warrants to Distributor that: (i) IMNTV is an entity duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its state of organization; (ii) IMNTV has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform fully its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) IMNTV is under no contractual or other legal obligation which could reasonably be expected to interfere in any way with its prompt and complete performance under this Agreement; and (iv) the person executing this Agreement on behalf of IMNTV has been duly authorized to do so and such execution is binding upon IMNTV. IMNTV will defend, indemnify, and hold Distributor harmless from and against any and all liabilities, claims, losses, costs, damages and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs) (collectively, "Claims") relating to or arising out of: (a) IMNTV's breach of this Agreement;

(b) the Content of the Programming (e.g., if such Claim alleges copyright or trademark infringement or infringement of any other proprietary right) as furnished by IMNTV under this Agreement (excluding any Claim to the extent based on any alteration of or insertion in any IMNTV content by Distributor that is not specifically authorized by IMNTV in writing), IMNTV Marks or IMNTV Site; (c) any IMNTV online subscription service, the Programming with the Mobile Subscription Products, or IMNTV’s acts or omissions with

8.2 Distributor Warranty and Indemnification. Distributor represents and warrants to IMNTV that: (i) Distributor is an entity duly organized and validly existing under the laws of its country of organization; (ii) Distributor has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform fully its obligations under this Agreement; (iii) Distributor is under no contractual or other legal obligation which could reasonably be expected to interfere in any way with its prompt and complete performance under this Agreement; and (iv) the person executing this Agreement on behalf of Distributor has been duly authorized to do so and such execution is binding upon Distributor. Distributor will defend, indemnify, and hold IMNTV harmless from and against any and all Claims relating to or arising out of: (a) the marketing by Distributor of the Programming (excluding Claims to the extent based on Programming or other content provided by or approved by IMNTV), or any Subscription Product which includes any Programming, (b) any Claim by any Subscriber concerning Distributor’s operation and maintenance of the Subscription Products (except for content Claims described in Section 9.1, Claims concerning the transmission of Subscriber Information to IMNTV, or the use of Subscriber Information by IMNTV or by any third party to whom IMNTV has disclosed such information); (c) Distributor's alternation of, or insertion of material (including commercial advertisements) in, any Programming, except as explicitly authorized in each case in writing by IMNTV; and (d) any infringement of the Subscription Products on the rights of others (excluding any Claim to the extend based on any Programming).

8.3 Conditions of Indemnification. A party’s obligation to indemnify the other party is expressly conditioned on the indemnified party: (a) giving written notice of the claim promptly to the indemnifying party; (b) giving the indemnifying party control of the defense and settlement of the claim utilizing, if necessary, legal counsel to be selected by the indemnifying party upon reasonable approval of the other party; (c) providing to the indemnifying party all available information and assistance (at the indemnifying party’s expense); and (d) not compromising or settling such claim, without the other party’s prior written consent which may not be unreasonably withheld.

8.4 Disclaimer of Warranties. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN, NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY WARRANTIES OR REPRESENTATIONS

PRODUCT, OR ANY BUNDLE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IMNTV FURTHER DISCLAIMS ALL

8.5 Limitation of Liability. NO PARTY WILL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY IN TORT, CONTRACT OR UNDER ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE OR SPECIAL LOSS OR DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF APPRISED OF THE LIKELIHOOD OF SUCH DAMAGES OCCURRING. IN NO EVENT WILL IMNTV’S LIABILITY TO DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY DUE TO IMNTV HEREIN.

9.1 Notices and Contact Information. All notices and demands under this Agreement will be in writing and will be delivered by personal service, express courier, or United States mail, to the following addresses: If to IMNTV: Independent Music Network 20 Old Stagecoach Road Redding, CT 06896 USA Attention: General Counsel

To the Notice Contact as set forth in Section A of the Agreement.

Either party may change the addresses set forth above by written notice to the other party. Notice will be effective on receipt. Any notice or report delivered in accordance with this Section will be deemed given on the date actually Source: GLOBAL TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC., 10KSB, 9/28/2005 delivered; provided that any notice or report deemed given or due on a Saturday, Sunday or legal holiday will be deemed given or due on the next business day. If any notice or report is delivered to any party in a manner which does not comply with this Section 9.1, such notice or report will be deemed delivered on the date, if any, such notice or report is actually received by the other party.

9.2 Non-Assignment. This Agreement is binding upon each party's assigns, transferees and successors; provided that no party may assign or otherwise transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, this Agreement in whole or in part, without the other party's prior written consent. Notwithstanding the prior sentence, either party may assign this Agreement in its entirety without the other party's consent to any of the following: (i) the assignor's successor in a consolidation or merger, (ii) the assignor’s successor in an acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets, equity or beneficial interests of the assignor, (iii) an entity under common control with, controlled by or in control of the assignor, or (iv) a lender, as an assignment of collateral to secure credit extended to the assignor. The assignor will give the other party written notice within thirty (30) days of any assignment described in the immediately preceding sentence.

9.3 Confidentiality. The parties acknowledge that Confidential Information is valuable and unique and that disclosure in breach of this confidentiality provision will result in irreparable injury to its owner. From the Effective Date and for a period of two (2) years from the date of termination or expiration of this Agreement, neither party will use, disclose, or permit any person to obtain any Confidential Information of the other party. If either party receives a request from any third party for the Confidential Information of the other party, or if such party is directed to disclose any portion of any Confidential Information of the other party by operation of law or in connection with a judicial or governmental proceeding or arbitration, it will immediately notify the other party and will assist the other party in seeking a suitable protective order or assurance of confidential treatment to preserve the confidentiality of any such Confidential Information. If either party breaches or threatens to breach the terms of this confidentiality provision, the non-breaching party will be entitled to an injunction prohibiting any such breach. Any such relief will be in addition to and not in lieu of any appropriate relief in the way of money damages.

9.4 Press Releases and Public Statements. Neither party will issue any press releases or make public statements relating to this Agreement or the relationship between the parties without the other party’s review of and written consent to such press release or public statement.

9.5 Force Majeure. No party shall be deemed in default hereunder for any cessation, interruption or delay in the performance of its obligations due to causes beyond its reasonable control, including but not limited to: earthquake, flood, or other natural disaster, act of God, labor controversy, civil disturbance, war (whether or not officially declared) or the inability to obtain sufficient supplies, transportation, or other essential commodity or service required in the conduct of its business, or any change in or the adoption of any law, regulation, judgment or decree (each a “Force Majeure Event”). Each party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice if any Force Majeure Event of another party continues for more than ten (10) days.

9.6 Miscellaneous. This Agreement and Exhibits A, B, and C constitute the final agreement between the parties with regard to the subject matter herein, and supersedes and cancels all prior negotiations, understandings, correspondence and agreements, oral and written, express or implied, between the parties with regard to the subject matter herein. No waiver, amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement will be effective unless it is in a document that expressly refers to this Agreement and is signed by both parties. Failure or delay by either party in exercising any rights or remedy under this Agreement will not operate as a waiver of any such right or remedy. The parties are independent contractors. Neither party will be deemed to be an employee, agent, partner or legal representative of the other for any purpose and neither will have any right, power or authority to create any obligation or responsibility on behalf of the other. This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Florida without regard to conflicts of law provisions.

1. TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS. IMNTV will comply with the following technical requirements, as applicable: On Demand. Provider will provide all on-demand media files encoded in the Format appropriate for each stream type (e.g., audio, video, animation and other media file types as they become supported and as IMNTV may then elect to provide) to the Distributor via the File Transfer Protocol (FTP).

2.1 Preparing Content. IMNTV will provide Distributor with the URL for each live or simulated live stream remotely encoded by IMNTV using the conventions established by both parties.

2.2 Feed Delivery. At IMNTV’s election, IMNTV will deliver live feeds to the Distributor via methods other than FTP over the Internet, including delivery of physical media.

(a) General. IMNTV shall take the appropriate measures to ensure that all live or simulated live feeds will be delivered continuously to the Distributor 24 hours/day, 7 days/week, except for scheduled maintenance. If any feed is provided to Distributor using transmission methods that are proprietary or uncommon, Provider agrees to provide -at no cost -- the receiver equipment to Distributor and to allow adequate time for setup and testing of equipment prior to delivery of live content.

(b) Encoding. IMNTV will encode feeds to be delivered to Distributor.

1.1 Programming Presentation. The following are requirements for all Programming:

(a) Each individual item of Programming will be identified with a Programming identification code (“Programming ID”)

(b) Clicking on any Programming will instigate an "Optimized" presentation as follows:

(i) When a Subscriber selects the Programming, the default start-up audio/video sequence for the presentation will start playing in the playback window of the Mobile Platform Software (“Playback Window”).

2.1 The Programming will have a IMNTV Identification (“IMNTV ID”), which is similar to on-air network id, which is played each time the Programming is launched. Distributor may utilize the IMNTV ID in the Distributor’s Portal for promotional purposes.

(a) The IMNTV ID will be no longer than two (2) to five (5) seconds in length, and may be audio and Real Flash visual media clip.

(b) All IMNTV Ids will be hosted and served by Distributor.

(c) If Programming is currently playing, the IMNTV Id cannot interrupt the stream

(d) If any advertisement other than a streaming advertisement is scheduled, the IMNTV ID must precede it.

3.1 The initial opening of IMNTV ID should be authored to the following standards:

(a) For a 120 W x 96H video space (without scroll bars) subject to review with Distributor to determine suitability for Distributor’s territory.

3.2 Design Restrictions. The following requirements serve to ensure a consistent Subscriber experience across all Programming.

(a) Distributor will provide IMNTV with page size and load time goals for the Programming.

(c) Descriptions of the Programming that correspond with each bullet point and elaborate more on the bullet point

(f) Information for Customer Service and/or Technical Support to use while servicing Subscribers

Distribution of the Provider’s Content through China Unicom Tianjin Branch

a. MobileVision is an authorized and fully licensed Service Provider (SP) partner who provides the programming and supports the underlying technical operation of the streaming service for China Unicom Tianjin.

b. MobileVision will be making available the music video content from IMNTV on its WAP Portal pages and in links contained in its WAP push messages through China Unicom Tianjin’s networks.

a. The China Unicom Tianjin streaming media service is offered as a pilot commercial program without charge for the period of two to three months. IMNTV agrees to participate in this pilot program by providing the content to China Unicom Tianjin via MobileVision without charge during this period.

b. Starting on October 1, 2005, China Unicom Tianjin intends to charge for the streaming service. The revenue sharing and payment terms between IMNTV and MobileVision takes effect starting on the same date of commercial service.

a. TBD subject to Carrier’s pricing policy and IMNTV acceptance of terms

This License Agreement (this “Agreement”) is entered into effective as of December 16, 2004, (the “Effective Date”) by and between TWENTIETH CENTURY FOX LICENSING & MERCHANDISING, a division of Fox Entertainment Group, Inc. (“Fox”), as Administrator for Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation (“Trademark Licensor”), and Sorrent, Inc. (“Licensee”). Fox and Licensee are collectively referred to as the “parties” and each individually as a “party.”

WHEREAS, Trademark Licensor owns the rights to develop, manufacture, publish, and distribute entertainment applications based on the story, plot, theme, distinctive creative elements and name/logo (collectively, the “PSM”) appearing in the theatrical motion pictures set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto (individually, the “Property” and collectively, the “Properties,” and further designated as “Major Release(s)” and “Targeted Release(s)”); and WHEREAS, Fox is the administrator of such rights for Trademark Licensor; and WHEREAS, Licensee is engaged in the business of, among other things, developing and producing interactive entertainment applications for wireless communication devices, such as mobile telephones; and WHEREAS, Licensee desires to obtain a license from Fox to develop a variety of wireless products utilizing elements of the PSM and to be operated on mobile/cellular telephones; and further to publish, license, promote, distribute and sell such wireless products to end users through communications service provider(s) and portals providing wireless products (“CSP(s)”) on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and WHEREAS, Fox and Vodafone Group Services Limited (“VGSL”) have entered into a wireless content distribution agreement (“VGSL Agreement”) whereby Fox is to be the content provider for VGSL wireless products relating to various Properties, and Fox desires a license to distribute Wireless Products to VGSL pursuant to the VGSL Agreement.

(a) Wireless Products and Wireless Platform: Fox grants to Licensee a limited, exclusive (except as otherwise may be provided in this Agreement), non-transferable (except as permitted in Paragraph 17(d)) right and license to use, make, have made (as set forth in Paragraph 1(a)(i) below), reproduce, modify, and create derivative works of Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -1- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 the PSM in each Property, solely for the purpose of developing the wireless applications specifically set forth for each of the Properties on Exhibits B through M attached hereto (“Wireless Products”), some of which Wireless Products are defined in the Glossary attached hereto as Exhibit N. To the extent not specified in this Agreement the parties will agree upon the specific Wireless Products to be developed for each Property in accordance with the procedure set forth in Paragraph 2. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee acknowledges that it shall be obligated to develop all Wireless Products set forth on Exhibits B, C, D, and G, and any other Wireless Products for other Properties that the parties mutually agree in writing will be added to the VGSL Agreement for distribution by VGSL (the “VGSL Products”). The Wireless Products shall utilize elements of the PSM and shall be operated on mobile or cellular telephones. Furthermore, Fox grants to Licensee a limited, exclusive (except as may otherwise be provided in this Agreement), non-transferable (except as permitted in Paragraph 17(d)) right and license to make, have made, reproduce, modify, create derivative works of, advertise, promote, distribute, sell and license the Wireless Products, including any PSM included therein, solely (i) for use on mobile or cellular telephones (the “Wireless Platform”); (ii) in the Territory (as defined in Paragraph 3), (iii) during the Term (as defined in Paragraph 4), (iv) for distribution by Licensee through the Distribution Channels (as defined in Paragraph 2(c)) granted herein; and (v) by means of periodic subscription fee, a per-download basis, or through a retail purchase. Nothing contained herein shall be construed as granting Licensee the right to develop and/or distribute video clips and/or trailers for the Properties, except where Fox expressly agrees to development and/or distribution of such video clips and/or trailers.

(i) Sublicense: Licensee shall be permitted to sublicense the rights and licenses granted herein to third party contractors of Licensee, solely for purposes of development and distribution of the Wireless Products on behalf of Licensee in accordance with this Agreement; provided that such third party contractors have entered into binding written agreements with Licensee that are no less protective of Fox’s intellectual property rights than are the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and provided further that Licensee will not subcontract development of any video games hereunder without Fox’s prior written approval of the third party game development contractor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee shall remain the primary contact under this Agreement and shall remain liable for all obligations performed by a sublicensee.

(ii) Substitution of Properties and Addition of Properties: Fox reserves the right to remove any Property listed on Exhibit A in the event that Fox determines not to theatrically release such Property or is found to be legally prohibited from engaging in the development and sale of Wireless Products in connection with such Property, and shall replace the removed Property with a like Property, which designation shall be subject to the mutual agreement of Fox and Licensee. Any further additions to Exhibit A shall also be subject to the mutual agreement of Fox and Licensee, provided however Fox shall reasonably determine if the Property constitutes a Major Release or a Targeted Release consistent with its past practices. In no event will the number of Major Releases and Targeted Releases included as Properties licensed to Licensee under this Agreement be less than four (4) and eight (8) respectively. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -2-

(iii) Addition of Wireless Products: The parties may amend this Agreement to include additional Wireless Products for the Properties set forth on Exhibit A, subject to their mutual agreement in writing, provided that if they are unable to agree upon such additions within five (5) business days of a request from Fox, Fox will have the right to develop or have developed the requested Wireless Products for the relevant Property notwithstanding the exclusivity granted to Licensee in this Agreement.

(b) Bundling: Neither party will solicit or enter into any agreement with any third party regarding the bundling of the Wireless Products with any other property (including a Fox property) or with any other products and services including preloading, OEM and soft bundling, except as mutually agreed between the parties. The parties will mutually agree upon the terms of each bundling transaction, the nature of the bundle, the timing, and any new or different royalties for such bundling on a case-by-case basis.

(c) Third-Party Promotions: Neither party may solicit or enter into any agreement with any third party regarding third-party promotional opportunities with respect to the Wireless Products without the other party’s prior written consent; provided that the foregoing will not limit Licensee’s rights to market and promote the Wireless Products directly and through (i) CSPs, subject to any Fox approval rights set forth elsewhere in this Agreement, or

(ii) Fox’s right to engage in third party promotions for the Properties involving wireless content otherwise sourced or created.

(d) Excluded Products: For the avoidance of any doubt, the rights granted in Paragraph 1(a) and (b) shall be specifically limited to the Wireless Products for the Wireless Platform and shall not extend to any other device, platform, operating system or distribution method, whether wired or wireless, pursuant to which interactive entertainment software may be delivered to or accessed by end-users, including, but not limited to, the following: (i) traditional entertainment software console platforms, such as Sony PlayStation and PlayStation 2, Microsoft Xbox, and Nintendo GameCube and successor platforms; (ii) desktop or laptop computer systems, such as PC Windows, Macintosh, (iii) hand-held electronic dedicated gaming devices (e.g., Nintendo’s GameBoy Color and GameBoy Advance handheld devices, Sony’s PSX handheld device, and Tiger Electronic hand- held devices); (iv) pay-per-play arcade systems and other forms of location-based entertainment; (v) interactive toys; (vi) television, whether via cable, satellite, set-top boxes or other on-demand service; (vii) massively multiplayer games; (viii) internet gaming and (ix) any other technology now known or hereafter devised. Except as otherwise specifically stated herein with respect to the Wireless Products, Licensee shall have no right to develop, manufacture, reproduce, distribute, sell or exploit any other products based on the PSM or the Property.

(e) Fox’s Reservation of Rights: Fox expressly reserves and retains any and all rights that are expressly excluded from or not specifically granted to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement, including but not limited to the following:

(i) Development/Exploitation/Distribution: the right to develop, publish, and/or distribute (or grant a third party the right to develop, publish, and/or distribute) other wireless products or wireless content of any nature which may be derived from the Properties (and further, to exploit same) which are similar or in direct Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties /Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -3-

(ii) Use of Fox’s Logo or Other Intellectual Property Rights: the right to use the Fox logo or trademark, or any other trademark(s), logo(s) or copyrights owned by Fox other than those specifically set forth herein in the manner set forth; and

(iii) Video Clips and Trailers: except as may otherwise be provided in this Agreement, the right to develop and/or distribute (or grant a third party the right to develop and distribute) video clips and/or trailers for the Properties. At any time during the Term, Fox may distribute directly (or grant a third party the right to distribute) video clips and/or trailers to CSPs in connection with the Properties; and

(iv) SMS/Text Messaging: the right to develop, market and distribute (or grant a third party the right to develop, market and distribute) SMS or text messaging in connection with the Properties; and

(v) Promotional Content: the right to develop and/or distribute (or grant a third party the right to develop and/or distribute) free promotional and/or give-away content in connection with the Properties, provided that Fox will use all reasonable efforts to make mention of the Wireless Products developed by Licensee, or cause the third party to do the same, in the context of the promotion and/or give-away.

(f) Licensee’s Grant of Rights. Subject to Fox’s compliance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement, including its payment obligations in accordance with Section 7, Licensee hereby grants to Fox a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as permitted in Section 17(d)), right to distribute Licensee Materials (as defined in Paragraph 11 (c)) to VGSL and T-Mobile, solely as incorporated into Wireless Products, and to authorize VGSL and T-Mobile to distribute such Wireless Products to end users outside of the United States. Fox’s rights in the Licensee Materials will be limited to those expressly granted in this Paragraph 1(f). Licensee reserves all rights and licenses in and to the Licensee Materials not expressly granted to Fox in this Section 1(f). Any other marketing, distribution, or sale of the Wireless Products and/or Licensee Materials by Fox will be subject to Licensee’s prior written consent, in Licensee’s reasonable discretion.

(a) Development: Subject to Fox’s delivery of the PSM Materials (as defined in Paragraph 2(a)(i) below), Licensee shall be obligated to create, develop, and publish the Wireless Products, pursuant to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Subject to Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -4-

(i) Delivery of PSM Materials. For each of the Properties identified in or added by mutual agreement to Exhibit A, Fox will provide to Licensee no later than ***** prior to the release of any games to be developed in connection with each Property and no later than ***** prior to the release of any other wireless applications to be developed in connection with each Property, some or all of the following items, to the extent available, on a Property-by-Property basis and only in electronic format where available: style guides, one-sheets (art used for movie poster), digital images, audio clips, storyboards, video tapes of trailers as they are produced, hard-copy scripts, publicity photos, and non-trailer video which shall only be available for viewing on the Fox lot premises (collectively, the “PSM Materials”). For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee will not be provided electronic copies of any scripts. Fox will update the PSM Materials provided to Licensee as new or different materials become available.

(ii) VGSL Development: Licensee expressly acknowledges and agrees that Fox has entered into the VGSL Agreement with VGSL for the development of certain Wireless Products set forth on Exhibits B, C, D and G, in connection with the following Properties: “Robots;” Untitled Ridley Scott Film; “Ice Age 2;” and “Mr & Mrs. Smith.” Licensee shall be obligated to develop such Wireless Products, and distribute them as set forth in Paragraph 2(c)(ii) below, on behalf of Fox.

(iii) Development for Japan: Upon Fox’s notice to Licensee, Licensee shall immediately cease all development, publication and distribution of the Wireless Products in Japan.

(iv) Music and Sound Effects: If Licensee seeks to use music or sound effects from any of the Properties in connection with the development of the Wireless Products, such use shall be subject to the advance written approval of Fox, and, if applicable, Fox Music, Inc., c/o the Vice President, General Manager, Fox Music Publishing (“Fox Music”). Subject to Fox and Fox Music’s approval, Licensee shall be solely responsible for any and all third party payments that may arise out of the Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -5- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 approved use of the music from the Property in connection with the Wireless Products, including without limitation any royalties, mechanical fees, residuals, publishing fees, license fees, reuse fees or other guild-related payments. In such event, Licensee shall pay directly to Fox Music a separate Royalty, at a rate subject to good faith negotiation between Licensee and Fox Music, on sales of the Wireless Products incorporating such music. Further, Licensee shall obtain the prior written approval of Fox Music concerning the final music arrangement to be so utilized and provide Fox Music with two samples of the final, approved Wireless Products prior to the sale or distribution thereof.

(A) No License for Music Realtones or Trutones: For the avoidance of doubt, nothing herein shall be construed as granting Licensee the right to develop and/or distribute any Wireless Products containing music Realtones or Trutones (each as defined in Exhibit N).

(i) The Wireless Products: Subject to the timely delivery of the PSM Materials to Licensee by Fox, Licensee shall deliver the Wireless Products to VGSL a minimum of ***** before the initial theatrical release of each Property in each of the VGSL Territories as defined in Paragraph 2(c)(ii)

(A) below, and to the other Licensed CSPs within such time frames mandated by such Licensed CSPs so as to enable the release of the Wireless Products ***** prior to the initial theatrical release of each Property in each of the Territories as defined in Paragraph 3 below (the “Wireless Products Latest Commencement Date”). If Licensee fails to make the Wireless Products commercially available to the CSPs by the Wireless Products Latest Commencement Date, and such failure is not due solely to any delay by Fox in delivery of the PSM Materials, Fox shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon notice to Licensee and all rights to utilize the PSM shall automatically revert to Fox; provided that, subject to Paragraph 9(b)(ii) below, Fox will not exercise the right to terminate with respect to any delayed delivery of Wireless Products for films that have their initial theatrical release prior to June 30, 2005; and provided further that nothing in this Paragraph 2(b)(i) will limit Fox’s indemnification under Paragraph 14 or any other rights and remedies Fox may have under this Agreement. Licensee shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to cause the Licensed CSPs to make available to end users the Wireless Products for each of the Major Releases and Targeted Releases no later than ***** prior to the initial theatrical release of each of the Major Releases and Targeted Releases.

(i) CSP Distribution: Licensee shall distribute the Wireless Products to end users through the Licensed CSPs and each Licensed CSP’s respective Internet portals and distribution systems (“Distribution Channel”).

(A) Minimum Subscriber Market Penetration: Licensee shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to secure distribution of the Wireless Products through CSPs and to ensure that the Wireless Products are Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -6- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 available on substantially all medium and high volume handsets of all Licensed CSPs, which for the purposes of this obligation shall include VGSL.

(1) Major Releases: Licensee furthermore shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to achieve the following market penetration targets in Europe for the Major Releases (“Market Penetration Targets”): (1) distribution of the Wireless Products for the Major Releases through CSP’s that hold at least ***** (*****%) of the subscribers in Western Europe during the ***** of this Agreement; and (2) distribution of the Wireless Products for the Major Releases through CSP’s that hold at least ***** percent (*****%) of the subscribers in Western Europe during the ***** of this Agreement. If Licensee fails to reach the Market Penetration Targets Fox shall in its sole discretion have the right to terminate Licensee’s exclusivity under this Agreement. In the event of termination of Licensee’s exclusivity for Licensee’s failure to achieve the Market Penetration Targets, Fox shall not distribute the Wireless Products which have been developed by Licensee prior to such termination, without first obtaining a license from Licensee on terms to be mutually agreed in each party’s reasonable discretion, for the exploitation of the Licensee Materials.

(2) Targeted Releases: Fox acknowledges that Licensee may not be able to secure placement of all Targeted Releases at the levels set forth for the Market Penetration Targets defined in the previous sub-Paragraph. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to secure the widest possible distribution of the Wireless Products derived from the Targeted Releases in Europe.

(ii) VGSL and T-Mobile Distribution: For the Territories (as defined in Paragraph 3 below) set forth in Paragraph 2(c)(ii)(A) below, Licensee expressly acknowledges and agrees that Fox has entered into the VGSL Agreement with VGSL for the development of certain Wireless Products as set forth in Paragraph 2(a)(ii) above, and for the distribution of such Wireless Products. Fox has also entered into a separate agreement with T-Mobile to permit T-Mobile to distribute certain Wireless Products to end users outside of the United States the “T-Mobile Agreement”). Licensee hereby grants all licenses to Fox to enable Fox to provide Wireless Products to VGSL and T-Mobile for distribution to VGSL and T-Mobile subscribers outside of the United States in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, and shall further deliver such Wireless Products to VGSL and T-Mobile on behalf of Fox. Licensee further acknowledges and agrees that pursuant to the VGSL Agreement and the T-Mobile Agreement, VGSL and T-Mobile will remit directly to Fox all receipts generated from sales of the Wireless Products to VGSL and T-Mobile subscribers. Fox will pass through all such receipts received from VGSL and T-Mobile to Licensee and such receipts shall be treated as Gross Receipts, as defined in Paragraph 7(a)(ii) below, for the purpose of this Agreement. Licensee shall not enter into an exclusive distribution agreement with Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -7- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 a CSP in any of the VGSL Territories listed in Paragraph 2(c)(ii)(A) below, and Fox has not granted and will not grant any exclusive distribution rights to VGSL or T-Mobile. Fox and Licensee will cooperate together in good faith, on a schedule to be mutually agreed, to jointly manage the VGSL and T-Mobile relationships with respect to the Wireless Products, subject to willingness on the parts of VGSL and T-Mobile to so cooperate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any conversations undertaken between Fox and VGSL and/or T-Mobile without Licensee’s participation shall not be a breach of this provision.

(A) Non-Exclusive CSP Distribution in VGSL Territories: Under no circumstances shall Licensee enter into an exclusive distribution agreement with a CSP other than VGSL in the following territories (“VGSL Territories”) covered under the VGSL Agreement: (1) United Kingdom; (2) Ireland; (3) Germany; (4) Spain; (5) France; (6) Sweden; (7) Switzerland; (8) Portugal; (9) Netherlands; (10) Greece; (11) Italy; (12) Australia;

(13) New Zealand; (14) Egypt; (15) Slovenia; (16) Belgium; (17) Austria; (18) Hungary; (19) Malta; (20) Croatia; (21) South Africa; and (22) Japan.

(iii) Japan Distribution: Upon Fox’s notice to Licensee, Licensee shall cease immediately some or all distribution of the Wireless Products in Japan. In the event Fox provides such termination notice to Licensee, Licensee hereby grants Fox a license to the Licensee Materials in order for Fox to distribute the Wireless Products that Licensee has developed for distribution in Japan prior to such termination, either directly or through a third-party. In consideration of such license, Fox shall pay Licensee a royalty as set forth in Paragraph 7(b)(i) below.

(iv) Unless otherwise mutually agreed between Fox and Licensee, Licensee will require each Licensed CSP to distribute Wireless Products to end users only for the payment of a fee; provided that Licensee may permit limited distribution (i.e. one Wireless Product per Property in each category of Wireless Products and including only one game level for each game) of Wireless Products without a fee for promotional or marketing purposes. The fees will typically appear on the end user’s Wireless Platform bill and be remitted by the end user to the CSP pursuant to an agreement between the end user and the CSP. The CSP will in turn remit fees to Licensee (less any Deductions as that term is defined in Paragraph 7(a)(ii) below) pursuant to an agreement between Licensee and the CSP. Licensee will then remit royalties to Fox in accordance with Paragraph 7, below.

3. TERRITORY: Licensee shall use commercially reasonable efforts to exploit the rights granted hereunder throughout the world (the “Territory”), including without limitation all of the following VGSL Territories set forth in Paragraph 2(c)(i)(B) above: (1) United Kingdom; (2) Ireland; (3) Germany;

(4) Spain; (5) France; (6) Sweden; (7) Switzerland; (8) Portugal; (9) Netherlands; (10) Greece; (11) Italy; (12) Australia; (13) New Zealand; (14) Egypt;

(15) Slovenia; (16) Belgium; (17) Austria; (18) Hungary; (19) Malta; (20) Croatia; (21) South Africa; and (22) Japan. Licensee shall localize the Wireless Products into the following languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, and Japanese. In addition to the previously stated languages, to the extent practicable Licensee also shall localize the Wireless Products to be delivered to VGSL into Portuguese, Greek, Dutch and Swedish, to the extent that the Properties Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -8-

4. TERM: The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the “Term”); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, all rights and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect for a period of eighteen (18) months after the initial theatrical release of that Property.

(a) Licensee’s Right of First Negotiation on New Properties: For the Term of this Agreement, Fox hereby grants to Licensee a right of first negotiation with respect to those theatrical motion pictures released during the Term of this Agreement (in addition to the Properties identified in Exhibit A) in which (i) Fox owns or controls licensing and merchandising rights, for which Fox determines in its sole discretion to grant to any third party any licensing rights for the development and distribution of wireless products, and (ii) which theatrical motion pictures Fox reasonably deems to be a Major Release consistent with its past practices. The Right of First Negotiation shall be exercised as follows. Whenever Fox desires to grant to any third party any licensing rights for a Major Release (each such instance, an “Opportunity”), Fox shall request that Licensee submit a bid regarding the Opportunity. If Licensee intends to exercise its Right of First Negotiation, it must submit a bid in response to Fox’s request within 10 business days. If Licensee does submit a bid, both parties shall negotiate in good faith over the bid for a reasonable period of time, not to exceed 10 additional business days. If the parties have not reached agreement in writing regarding the terms and conditions for the exploitation of the Opportunity within said time period, or if Licensee fails to submit a bid in a timely manner, Fox shall be free to accept any bid from any other party with respect to the Opportunity, or Fox shall be free not to exploit the Opportunity at all. Should Licensee choose to exercise its Right of First Negotiation, its floor bid shall be at least US$***** for each Major Release (as defined in Exhibit N).

5. ADVANCE: Licensee shall pay Fox a non-refundable recoupable advance in the amount of US$***** upon Licensee’s signature of this Agreement (the “Advance”). The Advance shall be treated as the first installment of the Guarantee described in Section 6(a), and will be recoupable against royalties as part of the Guarantee.

(a) Amount: Licensee shall pay to Fox a non-refundable guarantee in the amount of US$***** (“Guarantee”), inclusive of the Advance. The Guarantee shall be recoupable against royalty payments and payable as follows: (a) US$***** inclusive of the Advance above; (b) US$***** on or before *****; (c) US$***** on or before *****; (d) US$***** on or before *****; (e) US$***** on or before *****; (f) US$***** on or before *****; and (g) US$***** on or before *****. There shall be no cross-collateralization among the Royalties earned, as defined in Paragraph 7 below, for the purposes of recouping the Guarantee for any of the Major Releases or Targeted Releases.

(b) Individual Property Guarantees: Notwithstanding the payment schedule set forth in Paragraph 6(a) above, a minimum recoupable guarantee (each “Individual Property Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -9- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 Guarantee”) shall be apportioned from the Guarantee set forth in Paragraph 6(a) above to each of the individual Major Releases and Targeted Releases set forth on Exhibit A as follows for the purposes of determining recoupment of Guarantees and Royalty payments attributable to each of the Major Releases and Targeted Releases as set forth in Paragraph 7 below:

(i) Major Releases: The Individual Property Guarantee for each of the Major Releases set forth on Exhibit A shall be US$*****.

(ii) Targeted Releases: The Individual Property Guarantee for each of the Targeted Releases set forth on Exhibit A shall be US$*****.

(c) Overages: At such time that Fox has earned in Royalties, as defined in Paragraph 7 below, the amount of an Individual Property Guarantee attributable to a specific Property, Licensee shall then remit to Fox on a quarterly basis in accordance with Paragraph 7(c) all Royalties due and payable in excess of such Individual Property Guarantee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, all Guarantee installments shall remain due and payable in accordance with the schedule of payments set forth in Paragraph 6(a) above and may not be allocated or apportioned to Royalty overages due.

(a) Payments from Licensee to Fox: In consideration of the rights granted to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement, Licensee shall pay to Fox, or such other party as Fox may designate in writing, a royalty in the following amounts:

(A) Until such time as ***** percent (*****%) of an Individual Property Guarantee for a Major Release is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn, and credit against the Individual Property Guarantees, Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee’s Gross Receipts from Licensee’s sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Major Release; and

(B) Thereafter and until such time as ***** percent (*****%) of an Individual Property Guarantee for a Major Release is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee’s Gross Receipts from Licensee’s sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Major Release; and

(C) Thereafter (and for the remainder of the Term), Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee’s Gross Receipts from Licensee’s sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Major Release. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -10- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

(A) Until such time as ***** percent (*****%) of an Individual Property Guarantee for a Targeted Release is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn, and credit against the Individual Property Guarantees, Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee’s Gross Receipts from Licensee’s sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Targeted Release; and

(B) Thereafter (and for the remainder of the Term), Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee’s gross receipts from Licensee’s sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the Wireless Products derived from the respective Targeted Release. Royalties shall accrue when the Wireless Products are sold, downloaded or otherwise distributed to the end user, whichever first occurs, and shall become payable upon receipt by Licensee. “Gross Receipts” shall mean all monies received by or credited to Licensee for download of the Wireless Products by end users less only monies actually retained by the CSPs (the “Deductions”).

(b) Payments from Fox to Licensee: In consideration of the rights granted by Licensee to Fox and VGSL pursuant to this Agreement, Fox shall pay to Licensee, or such other party as Licensee may designate in writing, a royalty in the following amounts:

(i) Distribution in Japan. In the event that Fox distributes, licenses, or otherwise exploits the Wireless Products in Japan pursuant to Paragraph 2(c)(iii), or grants to any third party any rights to distribute the Wireless Products for the Wireless Platform to end users within Japan, or otherwise uses in Japan any elements of the Fox Intellectual Property (as defined in Paragraph 11(a) that are solely attributable to Licensee’s development efforts pursuant to this Agreement, Fox agrees to pay Licensee a royalty in the amount of ***** percent (*****%) of Fox’s gross receipts for any such activity, which shall be defined as all monies actually received by Fox for the Wireless Products or other such elements of the PSM, less any Deductions.

(ii) VGSL Payments: As set forth in Paragraph 2(c)(ii) above, pursuant to the VGSL Agreement, VGSL will remit directly to Fox Fox’s contractual share (pursuant to the VGSL Agreement) of all revenue from sales of the Wireless Products by VGSL in the VGSL Territories (“VGSL Revenue”). Fox will remit all VGSL Revenue to Licensee and such VGSL Revenue shall be treated as Gross Receipts for the purpose of this Agreement. The VGSL Revenue shall be treated in accordance with Paragraph 7(a) in calculating Royalties due to Fox from Licensee.

(iii) Other Payments: To the extent that Fox enters into an agreement with a CSP other than VGSL with Licensee’s consent in accordance with Paragraph 1(f), Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -11- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 whereby Fox’s contractual share of revenue from the sale of the Wireless Products to the CSP’s subscribers is remitted directly to Fox from the CSP, Fox will pass through all such revenue from the CSP to Licensee and such revenue shall be treated as Gross Receipts for the purpose of this Agreement. Payments of all royalties from the sale of Wireless Products through any such arrangements shall be made by Licensee to Fox in accordance with Paragraph 7(b) above. Except as otherwise provided under this Agreement, Fox hereby agrees not to enter into any future agreements with a CSP for the distribution of the Wireless Products without the involvement and prior written agreement of Licensee.

(iv) For the avoidance of doubt, Fox will have no right or license to develop, publish, and or distribute any Wireless Products for the Wireless Platform, or to permit any third party to do so, or to otherwise use or exploit any Licensee Materials, except in accordance with Paragraphs 1(b) (with respect to bundling), 2(c)(iii) (with respect to Japan), and 2(c)(ii) (with respect to VGSL and T-Mobile).

(c) Payment Terms. Payment of all royalties and other payments by either party to the other shall be made in United States Dollars by check or wire transfer to a bank account to be designated by the receiving party. Payment of all royalties shall be made without deduction, reduction or set-off of any kind, provided that the paying party shall be permitted to deduct withholding taxes as permitted by applicable law. Each party agrees that it shall not be entitled to withhold any portion of the royalties as a reserve. Each party agrees to provide the other with all necessary withholding tax forms.

(d) Accounting Statement: Royalty statements (which statements shall be on the form attached hereto as Exhibit O and incorporated herein by this reference or such other form as the receiving party may designate in its discretion) shall be due and payments made within thirty (30) days after the close of each calendar quarter in which the paying party received any applicable revenue. Each party shall keep a record of all sales and shall submit, together with the royalty statements, a quarterly summary report of such sales. Notwithstanding the foregoing, pursuant to Paragraphs 7(b)

(2) and 7(b)(3), Fox shall make all payments of revenue remitted directly by VGSL or any other CSP with whom the parties prospectively agree Fox will receive revenue directly, within thirty (30) days of receipt of such revenue.

(e) Books and Records: Each party shall keep accurate and complete books and records as they relate hereto for the greater of three years from the Effective Date or two years from the termination or expiration of the Term. On reasonable notice, each party shall have the right to examine said books and records; provided that such examination will be made no more than twice in any given twelve month period, and shall be made during normal business hours. If any audit discloses that a party owes royalties in excess of 5% of royalties paid during any accounting period, the audited party shall pay the audit costs together with shortfall and interest at rates as specified in Paragraph 7(e) below.

(f) Late Payments: If a party does not receive the applicable royalty payment as specified on or before the thirtieth day after the close of any calendar quarter, the party owing such royalty shall pay interest with respect to any royalties owed from day to day until the date of payment at a rate of 5% above U.S. Prime Rate on an annual basis. Interest on royalties owed calculated in accordance with this Paragraph shall accrue after Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -12-

(a) Marketing and Promotion: Licensee shall be responsible for all marketing, advertising and promotional efforts with respect to the Wireless Products throughout the Territory during the Term. Licensee shall (A) participate in face to face meetings and conference calls regarding marketing from time to time, the frequency, location and subject matter of which shall be mutually agreed; (B) submit a separate marketing plan for the Wireless Products for each Property for which Fox has approved a Treatment (as defined in Paragraph 9(a)(ii)) within thirty (30) days of Fox’s approval of such Treatment, subject to Fox’s providing sufficient information regarding its release plans for the applicable Property (each, a “Marketing Plan”); (C) commit funds to the marketing of the Wireless Products as is commensurate with Licensee’s marketing efforts of other similar wireless products that Licensee publishes; (D) perform business to business and trade marketing efforts (e.g., to the CSPs) commensurate with industry standards; and (E) appoint a marketing point of contact which shall be responsible for coordinating communications and facilitating relationships between Fox and Licensee and for overseeing the performance of Licensee’s obligations hereunder. All marketing materials for the Wireless Products that incorporate and/or make reference to any part of the PSM or the Properties (collectively, the “Licensee Marketing Materials”) shall be subject to Fox’s approval as follows:

(i) Licensee Marketing Materials: Licensee shall be responsible for producing the Licensee Marketing Materials, all of which shall be subject to Fox’s prior written approval, at Licensee’s sole cost and expense. Licensee will submit samples of all Licensee Marketing Materials to Fox for review and approval prior to Licensee’s use of the Licensee Marketing Materials. Fox shall endeavor to review the Licensee Marketing Materials within two (2) weeks of receipt thereof, provided however, a delayed Fox response shall not constitute a deemed approval under any circumstances. Only after Fox has approved the Licensee Marketing Materials may Licensee proceed with production thereof. Once approval has been granted by Fox, Licensee will not make alterations, modifications or revisions to the Licensee Marketing Materials without the prior written consent of Fox.

(ii) CSP Marketing Materials: If any Licensed CSP seeks to incorporate any element of the PSM in its advertising, marketing, packaging (if any), consumer and trade publicity and promotional materials as well as any collateral materials related thereto (“CSP Marketing Materials”), Licensee shall ensure that such Licensed CSP obtains Fox’s approval in accordance with Paragraph 8(a)(i). Licensee shall submit any such proposed CSP Marketing Materials on the CSP’s behalf. Once Fox has approved any such CSP Marketing Materials and notified Licensee, Licensee shall notify the CSP and Licensee and the CSP may proceed with production thereof, provided there are no alterations from the approved packaging. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -13-

(b) Product Support: Licensee shall provide all customer product support, including technical support, for the Wireless Products in the same manner as it provides such support for any other product that it distributes and/or publishes, and in any case in accordance with wireless industry standards. Licensee will display (and ensure that the CSP displays) a toll free telephone number (or an email address, in Licensee’s discretion, on a country by country basis) on its website so that customers may contact Licensee and/or the CSP regarding the Wireless Products (“Customer Request”). Licensee and/or the CSP will use all commercially reasonable efforts to respond to each such Customer Request within 24 hours after receipt of such request. Licensee shall exercise commercially reasonable efforts to resolve each such Customer Request. Licensee also shall respond to all inquiries from VGSL relating to the Wireless Products delivered to VGSL.

(c) Solicitation of Sales: So long as the Agreement has not been terminated or otherwise expired, Licensee shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to promote sales of the Wireless Products during the Term of this Agreement.

(d) No Preferential Treatment: Licensee agrees that it will use substantially similar efforts to advertise, promote, manufacture, sell and distribute the Wireless Products as it devotes to its other licensed products.

(e) Compliance with all Laws: Licensee shall comply with all laws, rules, treaties, and regulations governing the distribution of the Wireless Products throughout the Territory.

(f) Internet Data: Licensee shall comply with COPPA regulations as well as with Fox’s Internet Privacy Policy with respect to the collection of any consumer information via the Internet. The policy is attached hereto as Exhibit P and incorporated herein by this reference.

(g) Localization: Licensee shall localize the Wireless Products into the following languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, and Japanese, with Portuguese, Greek, Dutch and Swedish to be made available where practicable to the extent that the Properties are dubbed into such languages, Fox holds foreign rights to the dubbed tracks, and such dubbed tracks are timely available.

(h) Optimization: Licensee shall be required to optimize the Wireless Products for all Territories and Licensed CSPs.

(i) Compatibility Testing: Licensee shall be responsible for any compatibility testing of the Wireless Products required by CSPs, and further shall be responsible for the following: (i) quality assurance of the Wireless Products which is consistent with industry standards; and (ii) adequate operation and functionality of the Wireless Products on the Wireless Platform in connection with each Licensed CSP’s networks. To the extent that a material bug or defect is discovered in the Wireless Products which impacts in any manner the functionality of the Wireless Products, Licensee will promptly investigate and correct such bugs or defects, whether discovered by Licensee, Fox, the Wireless Platform manufacturer(s) or the CSP(s). As between Fox and Licensee, all costs of performing the foregoing obligations shall be borne by Licensee. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -14-

(a) Wireless Products Approval: Fox shall have the right to approve the Wireless Products in accordance with the procedure set forth below. Licensee acknowledges that Fox’s approval shall include the approval of any third party who has approval rights over any of the Properties, as applicable.

(i) Creative Meetings: Licensee shall participate in face to face creative meetings with Fox on a monthly basis to determine which Wireless Products shall be developed for upcoming Major Releases and Targeted Releases. The parties will mutually agree upon the list of Wireless Products for each Property, and will amend the applicable Exhibit for that property upon reaching such agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee shall develop the Wireless Products set forth in Exhibits B through M for each Property.

(ii) Concept / Treatment: For each of the Major Releases and Targeted Releases, within ***** after receipt from Fox of the applicable PSM Materials, Licensee will deliver to Fox a concept / treatment for the applicable Wireless Products, which will outline the technical and creative aspects of the Wireless Products (each, a “Treatment”). Each Treatment shall be subject to Fox’s approval, which approval is within Fox’s discretion. Once a Treatment is approved by Fox and to the extent the approved Treatment requires compatibility input from a Licensed CSP, it shall be Licensee’s sole responsibility to secure concept approval from such Licensed CSP. If the Licensed CSP requires changes, modifications or alterations to a Treatment, or to any element of the Wireless Products, Licensee shall seek Fox’s written approval of any such change, which approval may be withheld in Fox’s sole discretion.

(iii) Design Document: Once a given Treatment is approved by Fox, Licensee shall then submit to Fox a game design document (“Design Document”) which will lay out the creative and technical aspects for the Wireless Product, including how Licensee intends to use the Property and the PSM in the Wireless Product. The Design Document shall be subject to Fox’s written approval, which approval is within Fox’s sole discretion.

(iv) Alpha Testing: Upon approval of the Design Document by Fox, Licensee shall submit a prototype of the applicable Wireless Product, which demonstrates all of the features and functions set forth in the Design Document, although colors, graphics and related elements need not be in their final form (each, an “Alpha Prototype”). Each Alpha Prototype will be subject to Fox’s written approval, which approval will be in Fox’s sole discretion.

(v) Beta Testing: Upon approval of the Alpha Prototype, Licensee shall submit a post-Alpha prototype of the Wireless Product meeting all Alpha requirements and in substantial conformance with the Design Document, with all features and functions implemented and in which all interface, memory allocation and code size issues are effectively addressed (each, a “Beta Prototype”). Each Beta Prototype will have passed Licensee’s established testing procedures and have no known Bugs. Each Beta Prototype shall be subject to Fox’s written approval, which Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -15- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 approval will be in Fox’s sole discretion. After Fox has approved a Beta Prototype, Licensee shall be free to release the Beta Prototype as a final commercial product.

(A) Modifications: After approval of a Beta Prototype, Licensee shall not modify the Wireless Products without the prior written approval of Fox. For purposes of this paragraph, porting, enhancements, optimization (which alters the content displayed in any material manner) and localization shall be deemed a modification requiring Fox’s prior written approval. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Porting that does not require substantive changes to a Wireless Product will not be deemed a modification requiring Fox’s prior approval.

(i) Evaluation: Fox shall approve or reject in writing all Treatments, Design Documents, Alpha Prototypes, and Beta Prototypes submitted to it for its approval (each individually a “Deliverable”). Fox’s approval or rejection of all Deliverables shall be rendered in good faith.

(ii) Rejection: If Fox rejects any Deliverable, Fox shall provide to Licensee, in writing, the reasons for its rejection of that Deliverable. Licensee shall then use commercially reasonable efforts to make the changes to that Deliverable and resubmit the Deliverable to Fox for Fox’s reconsideration. If Fox rejects a given Alpha Prototype more than twice based on a reason previously notified to Licensee by Fox, then Fox may terminate this Agreement in whole or with respect to the affected Property and Wireless Products and shall reserve all remedies available under this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fox will not terminate this Agreement for rejection of any Deliverables related to Properties that have their initial theatrical release prior to June 30, 2005, provided such Deliverables are accepted and delivered not later than ***** after the

U.S. theatrical releases for each of the following Properties: “Robots”; “Mr. & Mrs. Smith”; and Untitled Ridley Scott Film.

(iii) Collaborative Process: The parties intend that development of the Wireless Products will be a collaborative effort between Fox and Licensee, such that Fox shall have a reasonable opportunity to provide input into the primary aspects of each Wireless Product through the review and approval procedure described above, including, but not limited to, the look and feel of the Wireless Products, art direction, as well as the use of the Property (and all elements therefrom) in the Wireless Products and in the advertising, promotion and marketing thereof in accordance with this Agreement. Licensee understands and agrees that approval of any two-dimensional artwork does not constitute approval of the implementation of the artwork in the Wireless Products.

(iv) Timing: Fox shall endeavor to approve or reject in writing all Deliverables and all materials submitted to it for its approval within two (2) weeks of Fox’s receipt thereof. If Fox does not approve or reject in writing a Deliverable within two (2) weeks of its receipt and causes a significant delay in the development of the Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -16- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 Wireless Products, then Fox and Licensee shall mutually and in good faith discuss and agree to any adjustments in the Wireless Products Latest Commencement Date which are necessary due to such delay. Fox shall not terminate this Agreement for Licensee’s delay in delivery of the Wireless Products, where such delay is solely caused by Fox’s failure to deliver the PSM Materials in a timely manner in accordance with Paragraph 2(a)(i). Fox reserves the right to terminate this Agreement in accordance with paragraph 2(b)(i) where Licensee’s delay in delivery of the Wireless Products is the result of Fox’s disapproval of the Deliverables.

10. PRICING: As between Fox and Licensee, Licensee will be responsible for determining the prices and/or fees at which the Wireless Products will be offered for sale to the general public but will do so in accordance with Licensee’s agreements with the CSPs. Licensee acknowledges that VGSL will be responsible for making pricing decisions for the Wireless Products distributed through VGSL, provided that Fox will not agree to any reduction in the share of revenue it receives from VGSL, other than the ***** percent (*****%) reduction in Fox’s revenue share for late delivery provided for in the current version of the VGSL Agreement.

(a) Intellectual Property Rights Defined: For purposes of this Agreement, the term “Intellectual Property Rights” means know-how, inventions, patents, patent rights, and registrations and applications, renewals, continuations and extensions thereof, works of authorship and art, copyrightable materials and copyrights (including, but not limited to, titles, computer code, designs, themes, objects, characters, character names, stories, dialog, catch phrases, concepts, artwork, animation, sounds, musical compositions, graphics and visual elements, audio-visual effects and methods of operation, and any related documentation), copyright registrations and applications, renewals and extensions thereof, mask works, industrial rights, trademarks, service marks, trade names, logos, trademark registrations and applications, renewals and extensions thereof, trade secrets, rights in trade dress and packaging, publicity, personality and privacy rights, rights of attribution, paternity, integrity and other similarly afforded “moral” rights, and all other forms of intellectual property and proprietary rights recognized by the U.S. laws, and other applicable foreign and international laws, treaties and conventions.

(b) Fox Intellectual Property: Fox shall own all Intellectual Property Rights in and to any derivative works made from the Properties, whether or not used in the Wireless Products, including without limitation design documents, graphics, animation, music, packaging, advertising, promotional and other artwork used in connection with the development and distribution of the Wireless Products but at all times excluding the Licensee Materials as defined in Paragraph 11(c) below (collectively, the “Fox Intellectual Property”). The Fox Intellectual Property includes all rights in and to the entire “look and feel” of the Wireless Products, all visual displays, scripts, dialogue, literary treatments, concepts, characters, backgrounds, environments, and other elements visible to the Wireless Products’ users; all sounds, sound effects, soundtracks and other elements audible to the user. Licensee acknowledges and agrees Fox shall be the exclusive owner of these rights as a work made for hire. Licensee acknowledges that Licensee’s use of any Property shall not confer or imply a grant of rights, title or interest in the Property or good will associated therewith, except as specifically provided herein. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -17- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 Fox’s Intellectual Property Rights shall be indefeasible and irrevocable and shall not be subject to reversion under any circumstance, including cancellation, termination, expiration, or breach of this Agreement. Licensee further agrees to execute one or more copyright assignments at Fox’s request, or any other subsequent document as further evidence of this assignment, and to cooperate with Fox in perfecting the assignment of any rights to the Fox Intellectual Property, and hereby appoints Fox as its attorney-in-fact to execute any documents required in connection with such assignment. All materials created hereunder shall be prepared by an employee-for-hire of Licensee under Licensee’s sole supervision, responsibility and monetary obligation, or, if third parties who are not employees of Licensee, including without limitation all software developers developing the Wireless Products contribute to the creation of any Fox Intellectual Property, Licensee shall obtain from such third parties a full written assignment of rights so that all right, title and interest in the Fox Intellectual Property shall vest in Fox.

(c) Licensee Materials: Licensee owns and shall retain all right, title, and interest in and to (i) all software source code, tools, and technical documentation used by or for Licensee to create the Wireless Products, including without limitation any and all software code included in the Wireless Products, (ii) all aspects and elements of the Wireless Products other than the Fox Intellectual Property therein, including without limitation any and all gaming engines, game concepts, rules, scripts, and other Intellectual Property Rights therein; and (iii) any and all Intellectual Property Rights in any of the foregoing (the “Licensee Materials”).

(d) Moral Rights: Licensee hereby does expressly assign to Fox any and all rights of paternity or integrity, rights to claim authorship, to object to any distortion, mutilation or other modification of, or other derogatory actions in relation to the PSM, the Fox Intellectual Property, and any of Fox’s Intellectual Property Rights in and to the PSM and or the Fox Intellectual Property and any derivative works thereof, whether or not such would be prejudicial to Fox’s honor or reputation, and any similar right, existing under judicial or statutory law of any country in the world, or under any treaty (“Moral Rights”), regardless of whether such right is denominated or generally referred to as a moral right. Licensee hereby does irrevocably transfer and assign to Fox any and all Moral Rights that Licensee may have in Fox’s Intellectual Property Rights in and to the PSM and the Fox Intellectual Property and any derivative works thereof and shall cause Licensee’s employees and contractors, including Licensee’s developers of the Wireless Products, to do likewise. Licensee hereby does forever waive and agree never to assert any and all Moral Rights it may have in Fox’s Intellectual Property Rights in and to the PSM and the Fox Intellectual Property and any derivative works thereof and shall cause its employees and contractors (including the developers) to do likewise.

(e) Licensee Cooperation: Licensee shall not by any act or omission to act impair or prejudice the Intellectual Property Rights of Fox in the PSM, the Fox Intellectual Property or the Properties, or violate any moral rights or deal with the PSM, the Fox Intellectual Property or Properties so that any third party might obtain any lien or other right of whatever nature incompatible with the Intellectual Property Rights of Fox. Licensee agrees to notify Fox of any known or suspected infringement of Fox’s Intellectual Property Rights in the PSM and the Property that comes to Licensee’s attention and to assist Fox, at Fox’s expense, in taking such action as Fox, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or appropriate to prevent or remedy such infringing activities. Licensee shall Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -18-

(f) First Sale Doctrine Not Applicable: The PSM is licensed, not sold, by Fox to Licensee, and nothing in this Agreement will be interpreted or construed as a sale or purchase of the PSM, including but not limited to any use of a “purchase order” by Licensee in connection with the transactions contemplated hereunder. Furthermore, notwithstanding use of the terms “sale” and “sell” throughout this Agreement, any distribution or delivery of the Wireless Products by Licensee to any sublicensee (including, without limitation, CSPs and end-users) will be by license and not by sale (and Licensee shall post notice of that fact in sufficient size, location and manner on Licensee’s website on the page from which the general public can subscribe to the Wireless Products). Accordingly, Licensee acknowledges that the “First Sale Doctrine” (as embodied in 17 U.S.C., Paragraph 109 of the United States Copyright Act of 1976, as amended, or the equivalent law or statute in the Territory) does not apply to Licensee’s acquisition of rights in and to the PSM and the Property hereunder or to any sublicensee’s acquisition of rights in and to the Wireless Products under any agreement between Licensee and a sublicensee.

(a) Intellectual Property Notices: Licensee agrees to place on Licensee’s website and in the Wireless Products, and on the packaging and related documentation, if any, and Marketing Materials for the Wireless Products, all trademarks, copyright notices, logos and other legal or proprietary designations of Fox in the form and manner reasonably directed by Fox, including, without limitation, a notice indicating that the Wireless Products are produced by Licensee under license from Fox. All copyrights, trademarks and service marks relating to the Properties, PSM Materials, and Fox Intellectual Property, are, will be and shall remain the sole property of Fox and any rights therein granted to Licensee shall terminate immediately upon termination of this Agreement. All goodwill and reputation attaching to such copyrights, trademarks and service marks shall vest in Fox. Licensee shall create, execute and deliver to Fox all documents and instruments reasonably required by Fox for the protection of or otherwise in connection with the copyrights, trademarks and service marks of Fox. Licensee shall not have the right to use Fox’s trademarks or trade names except in connection with the promotion and distribution of the Wireless Products in the Territory in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Licensee may include a notice for the Licensee Materials, where appropriate.

(b) Goodwill: Licensee acknowledges that Fox is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to the PSM and the Properties, and further acknowledges the great value of the goodwill associated with the PSM and the Properties and that the PSM and the Properties have acquired secondary meaning in the mind of the public and that the trademarks and copyrights included in the PSM and the Properties, and the registrations thereof, are valid and subsisting, and further agrees that it shall not during the Term of this Agreement or at any time thereafter dispute or contest directly or indirectly, or do or cause to be done any act which in any way contests, impairs or tends to impair Fox’s Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -19-

(c) Cooperation: Licensee shall not in any manner represent that it has any ownership in the PSM or the Properties, or in any trademarks or copyrights included in the PSM or the Properties (or registrations thereof), but may, only during the Term, and only if Licensee has complied with any and all applicable laws and registration requirements within the Territory for so doing, represent that it is a “licensee” or “official licensee” hereunder. Licensee shall not register or attempt to register any copyright or trademark in the Properties, in its own name or that of any third party, nor shall it assist any third party in doing so.

(a) By Licensee: Licensee represents and warrants to Fox that:

(i) Governmental Authority: Licensee has full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement without approval from any governmental entity or third party, and that such ability is not limited or restricted by any agreements or understanding between Licensee and any other person or company;

(ii) Corporate Authority: The execution, delivery and performance by Licensee of this Agreement have been duly authorized by any and all necessary corporate action by Licensee, and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Licensee enforceable in accordance with its terms;

(iii) Expertise: Licensee possesses the expertise and know-how and experience to develop the Wireless Products and is otherwise fully capable of performing its obligations under this Agreement;

(iv) Infringement: The Licensee Materials and any other computer code, technology, information, art or other materials created, developed or used by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement will not infringe upon or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights or any other legal rights of any third party, and should any aspect of the Licensee Materials, or such other computer code, technology, information, art or materials created, developed or used by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement, become, or, in Fox’s opinion, be likely to become, the object of any infringement or misappropriation claim or suit, Licensee will procure, at Licensee’s expense, the right to use such Licensee Materials, computer code, technology, information, art or other materials in all respects, or will replace or modify the affected material to make it non- infringing; and

(v) Licensee Conduct: Licensee will (A) conduct its business in a manner that reflects favorably at all times on the Property, the Wireless Products and the good name, goodwill and reputation of Fox, (B) avoid deceptive, misleading or unethical practices, that are or might be detrimental to Fox, the Property, the Wireless Products or the public, (C) avoid making disparaging, false or misleading statements or representations with regard to Fox, the Property or the Wireless Products, (D) not employ or cooperate in the employment of any deceptive or Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -20-

(b) By Fox: Fox represents and warrants to Licensee that:

(i) Authority: Fox has full power and authority to enter into and perform this Agreement, and that such ability is not limited or restricted by any agreements or understanding between Fox and any other person or company. The execution, delivery and performance by Fox of this Agreement have been duly authorized by any and all necessary corporate action by Fox, and this Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of Fox enforceable in accordance with its terms.

(ii) No Representations/Warranties Regarding Revenue: Notwithstanding the representations and warranties made by Fox in this Paragraph 13(b), Fox makes no representations or warranties whatsoever regarding the amount of revenue that may be generated by sales of the Wireless Products.

(a) By Licensee: Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Fox, Trademark Licensor and their respective successors, assigns, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and co-venturers, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all third party claims, damages, losses, liabilities, suits and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), arising out of or in connection with any allegations that (i) the Licensee Materials or the manufacture, packaging, distribution, promotion, sale, or exploitation thereof (except with respect to those matters against which Fox has agreed to indemnify Licensee hereunder) infringes or misappropriates the Intellectual Property Rights of any third party or (ii) any breach of warranty, representation or covenant contained in this Agreement; provided that Fox (a) promptly notifies Licensee in writing of the claim; (b) grants Licensee sole control of the defense, subject to Fox’s approval of counsel (to avoid conflicts of interest) and the terms of any settlement that affect Fox; and (c) provides Licensee, at Licensee’s expense, with all assistance, information and authority reasonably required for the defense and settlement of the claim. If Licensee fails to undertake such defense, Licensee shall reimburse Fox for reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by Fox in its defense of such claim or suit. Furthermore, Licensee agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Fox, Trademark Licensor and their respective successors, assigns, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and co-venturers and all other parties associated with the Property, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against claims made by VGSL against Fox regarding failure to deliver and distribute the VGSL Products (as defined in Paragraph 1(a)) in a timely manner as set forth in Paragraphs 2(a)(ii), 2(b)(i) and 2(c)(ii), third-party Intellectual Property claims relating to the Licensee Materials, and all related damages, losses, Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -21-

(b) By Fox: Fox agrees to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensee, its successors, assigns, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates and co-venturers, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents from and against all third party claims, damages, losses, liabilities, suits and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees), arising out of or in connection with any allegations that the PSM, PSM Materials, or Properties infringe or misappropriate any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; provided that Licensee (a) promptly notifies Fox in writing of the claim; (b) grants Fox sole control of the defense and settlement of the claim; and (c) provides Fox, at Fox’s expense, with all assistance, information and authority reasonably required for the defense and settlement of the claim. If Fox fails to undertake such defense, Fox shall reimburse Licensee for reasonable attorneys’ fees incurred by Licensee in its defense of such claim or suit.

(c) Injunctions. If either party’s use or exploitation of any materials provided and licensed hereunder is, or in the licensor’s opinion is likely to be, enjoined due to the type of claim specified in Paragraphs 13(a) or (b), above, the licensor may, at its sole option and expense: (a) procure for the licensee the right to continue using such rights under the terms of this Agreement; (b) replace or modify any materials provided so that they are non-infringing; or (c) if options (a) and (b) above cannot be accomplished despite the licensor’s reasonable efforts, then the licensor may terminate the licensee’s rights and the licensor’s obligations hereunder with respect to such materials, in which event the licensor will refund to the licensee any amounts paid by the licensee with respect to such materials. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee is the licensor of the Licensee Materials, pursuant to Paragraph 1(e), for the purpose of this Paragraph.

(d) Sole Remedy. THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH 14 SET FORTH EACH PARTY’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE OBLIGATIONS AND

RIGHTS OF ANY KIND UNLESS OTHERWISE STIPULATED BY JUDICIAL ORDER.

(i) Bankruptcy: If Licensee’s liabilities exceed its assets, or if Licensee becomes unable to pay its debts as they become due, or files or has filed against Licensee a petition in bankruptcy, reorganization or for the adoption of an arrangement under any present or future bankruptcy, reorganization or similar law (which petition if filed against Licensee shall not be dismissed within 30 days from the filing date), or if Licensee makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or is adjudicated a bankrupt, or if a receiver or trustee of all or substantially all of Licensee’s property is appointed, or if Licensee discontinues its business, this Agreement shall automatically terminate forthwith without notice to Licensee. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -22-

(ii) Transfer or Change of Control: If a substantial portion of the assets or controlling stock in Licensee’s business is sold or transferred, or if there is a substantial change in Licensee’s management, or if Licensee’s property is expropriated, confiscated or nationalized by any government or if any government assumes de facto control of Licensee’s business, in whole or in part, Fox may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days’ notice to Licensee.

(iii) Unauthorized Uses: If Licensee transfers, sells or distributes to any unauthorized third party any artwork, voice clips, or other Fox proprietary materials related to the Property including but not limited to Marketing Materials, then Fox may terminate this Agreement forthwith on written notice without any cure period.

(iv) Failure to Exploit: If Licensee fails to exploit the PSM as set forth in Paragraph 2(a) and 2(b), or fails to release the Wireless Products in accordance with the dates set forth in Paragraph 2(b), then Fox may terminate this Agreement forthwith on written notice without any cure period subject to the terms and conditions set forth in Paragraph 2(a) and 2(b), respectively.

(v) Failure to Obtain Approvals: If Licensee releases a Wireless Product without first obtaining Fox’s approval as specifically set forth in this Agreement in Paragraph 9, then Fox may terminate this Agreement forthwith on written notice without any cure period.

(vi) Other Defaults: Excepting only those Licensee defaults in this Paragraph 15 which permit Fox to terminate immediately without any cure period for Licensee, if either party fails to perform any of its material obligations hereunder, the other party may terminate this Agreement upon 30 days’ notice, unless the breaching party cures any such breach within said 30 days and gives notice to the other party thereof within that period. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that either party (A) fails to pay Royalties or other amounts when due, or (B) fails to make Royalty or other accountings in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, then the breaching party shall be subject to a one-time cure period of fifteen (15) days for such breach. If a party fails to cure the breach within such fifteen (15)-day period or another breach of either (A) or (B) above occurs following an initial cure within the fifteen (15)-day period, then the other party shall have the right in its sole discretion to terminate this Agreement forthwith on written notice without any cure period.

(vii) Other Agreements: Should any event of default by Licensee cause Fox to terminate this Agreement, Fox, in its sole discretion, may terminate, without any cure period, any other agreements concurrently existing between Fox and Licensee upon written notice specifying the agreements to be terminated. For the avoidance of doubt, this remedy shall only apply to any agreements concurrently existing between the specific parties to this Agreement and shall not apply to agreements between Licensee and Fox Sports.

(b) Effect of Termination/Expiration: In the event of termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall: (i) immediately stop in all respects the sale and distribution of the Wireless Products and provide Fox with a complete inventory report and accounting with Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -23-

(i) Sell-Off Period: Notwithstanding Paragraph 15(b), in the event of termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall have a period of ***** from the date of such termination (unless such termination occurs less than ***** prior to the expiration of this Agreement in which case the time period shall be shortened accordingly so as not to exceed the date of expiration) in which to sell-off existing inventory of Wireless Products already in the Distribution Channels (“Sell Off Period”). Licensee agrees that no additional Wireless Products may be developed or distributed during the Sell Off Period and Licensee agrees to require that any Licensed CSP to comply with this provision. Upon the expiration of the Sell Off Period, Licensee agrees to destroy all such remaining inventory and confirm same in writing to Fox (and require that any Licensed CSP do the same). Any revenues, credits or other consideration received by Licensee for the Wireless Products during the Sell Off Period will be subject to Licensee’s obligation to pay Fox Royalties pursuant to Paragraph 7 above.

(ii) Fox’s Development of Wireless Products: In the event of termination or expiration of this Agreement or Licensee’s loss of exclusive rights under this Agreement, Fox shall be free to create and exploit, or have a third party create or exploit, wireless products which may be similar to those developed and distributed by Licensee pursuant to this Agreement for the Properties.

(c) Guarantee Forfeiture: In the event of termination of this Agreement and without limitation of Fox’s rights and remedies all of which are expressly reserved, the following payment penalties shall apply: (i) if termination occurs in the first year of the Term, Licensee shall forfeit any Guarantee paid, and shall immediately pay any remaining Guarantee, up to the amount of ***** dollars (US$*****), and any Guarantee payments made in excess of ***** dollars ($*****) shall be refunded by Fox to Licensee; and (ii) if termination occurs in the second year of the Term, Licensee shall forfeit any Guarantee paid, and shall immediately pay any remaining portion of the Guarantee then unpaid, up to the amount of ***** dollars (US$*****). Any forfeited Guarantees will apply as a set off against any additional damages claimed by Fox.

(a) Confidential: Each party agrees to use reasonable efforts, and at least the same care that it uses to protect its own confidential information of like importance, to prevent unauthorized dissemination and disclosure of the other party’s confidential information Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -24- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007 during and for a period of three (3) years after the Term. These obligations will be subject to the following terms and conditions:

(b) Confidential Information Defined: Confidential information includes, but is not limited to, the following: (i) the design, technology and know- how related to the Wireless Products, the PSM and the Property; (ii) the computer object and source code of the Wireless Products, the PSM and the Property; (iii) non-public information concerning either party’s financing, financial status, research and development, proposed new products, marketing plans and pricing, unless and until publicly announced; and (iv) any information designated by either party as confidential or proprietary in writing:

(i) Certain Information Not Deemed Confidential: The foregoing obligations will not apply to any information that: (A) becomes known to the general public without fault or breach on the part of the receiving party; (B) the receiving party receives from a third party without breach of a nondisclosure obligation and without restriction on disclosure; (C) was in the possession of the receiving party prior to disclosure by the other; or (D) is independently developed by the receiving party’s personnel having no access to similar confidential information obtained from the other.

(ii) Confidential Information of Another: Nothing in this Agreement will affect any obligation of either party to maintain the confidentiality of a third party’s confidential information.

(c) Press Releases: Licensee may not issue a press release or otherwise disclose to or discuss with the press the existence or terms of this Agreement without the prior written consent of Fox (it being understood that Fox’s legal counsel shall have final approval over the timing and/or content of any press release or other public disclosure by Licensee regarding this Agreement). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the parties (and their respective parent companies) shall be free to disclose Confidential information to the extent required by any law or regulation to any relevant stock exchange. The parties will liaise and endeavor to agree to the wording of any such disclosure in advance.

(a) Notices: All notices and statements shall be in writing and shall together with any payments be personally delivered or sent postage prepaid to the intended party at the address set forth below (unless notification of a change of address is given in writing). The date of mailing of a notice or statement shall be deemed the date the notice is given or statement rendered. To Fox: Mail: Twentieth Century Fox Licensing & Merchandising

P.O. Box 900 Beverly Hills, California 90213 USA Attention: Vice President, Wireless Development Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -25-

P.O. Box 900 Beverly Hills, California 90213 USA Attention: Legal Department Messenger: 2121 Avenue of the Stars, Suite 1334 Los Angeles, California 90067 USA Attention: Legal Department Facsimile: (310) 369-4241 and: Mail: Twentieth Century Fox Licensing & Merchandising

P.O. Box 900 Beverly Hills, California 90213 USA Attention: Finance Department Messenger: 2121 Avenue of the Stars, 4th Floor Los Angeles, California 90067 USA Attention: Finance Department Facsimile: (310) 369-8531 To Licensee: Mail & Sorrent Inc. Messenger: 1800 Gateway Drive, Suite 200 San Mateo, CA 94404 Attention: Paul Zuzelo E-mail: pzuzelo@sorrent.com Facsimile: (650) 571-5698 Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -26-

(b) Waiver, Modification: The terms of this Agreement may not be waived or modified except by an agreement in writing executed by the parties hereto. The waiver by either party of any breach of this Agreement by the other party must be in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any prior or succeeding breach.

(c) Relationship of the Parties: Nothing herein contained shall be construed to place the parties in the relationship of principal and agent, partners or joint venturers and neither party shall have the power to obligate or bind the other party in any manner whatsoever.

(d) No Assignment: Licensee may not assign any of its rights and obligations under this Agreement without the prior written consent of Fox; provided that Licensee may assign all of its rights and obligations hereunder to its successor in the event of a sale of all or substantially all of its assets or voting securities, or of the business unit associated with this Agreement. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement will inure to the benefit of each parties successors and assigns. Any purported assignment or transfer except in accordance with the above shall be void and of no effect.

(e) Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Service of Process: This Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California applicable to agreements executed and to be wholly performed therein. The parties hereto agree that any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be instituted and prosecuted in the United States District Court for the Central District of California or in any court of competent jurisdiction of the State of California. The parties hereto irrevocably submit to the jurisdiction of said courts and waive any rights to object to or challenge the appropriateness of said forums. Service of process shall be in accordance with the laws of the State of California.

(f) Appointment/Change of Agent: Upon notice to Licensee, Fox may appoint an agent or designate a substitute agent from time to time to act on Fox’s behalf to collect from Licensee and remit to Fox all Royalty payments due to Fox under this Agreement. The termination or substitution of an agent by Fox shall not affect the rights, duties, privileges or obligations of Fox or of Licensee hereunder. No agent so appointed is authorized to make any representation or warranty with respect to the ownership or title of the Property and or to approve the manufacture, sale or distribution of the Wireless Products. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933. -27- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

(g) Binding Agreement: Licensee shall have no rights hereunder and neither Fox nor Trademark Licensor shall be bound hereby unless and until this Agreement has been accepted in writing by Fox. If Fox does not accept this Agreement, the parties shall be released from all liability and this document shall be of no force and effect.

(h) Limitation of Actions: No legal action shall be brought by Licensee under this Agreement unless commenced within 12 months from the date the cause of action arose.

(i) Severability: Should any paragraph, clause or provision of this Agreement be found invalid or unenforceable by any court having jurisdiction over this Agreement, the subject matter hereof, or the parties hereto, such decision shall affect only the paragraph, clause or provision so construed or interpreted and all remaining paragraphs, clauses or provisions shall remain valid and enforceable.

(j) Entire Agreement: There are no representations, warranties or covenants other than those set forth in this Agreement which sets forth the entire understanding among the parties hereto.

(k) Headings: The headings of the Paragraphs of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not be of any effect in construing the meanings of the Paragraphs.

(l) Survival: The following Paragraphs shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: 5; 6; 7; 11; 13(a)(iv); 14, and 16.

(m) Drafting: Because the parties hereto have participated in drafting and negotiating this Agreement, there shall be no presumption against any party on the ground that such party was responsible for preparing this Agreement or any part of it.

(n) Force Majeure: Neither party shall be liable for any delay or failure in performing any of its obligations hereunder when any such delay or failure is occasioned by causes or contingencies beyond its control, including but not limited to force majeure, fires, floods, war, strikes and governmental regulations, provided the party delaying or failing to perform shall promptly after its inception give written notice of such cause or contingency to the other party and provided further that the party giving such notice shall make all reasonable efforts to remove such disability as soon as possible. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the events constituting force majeure cause a delay in performance of thirty consecutive days or more, either party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice to the other party. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -28-

(“Licensee”) MERCHANDISING, a division of Fox Entertainment Group, Inc. (“Fox”) By /s/ Paul Zuzelo By /s/ Jamie Samson Name Paul Zuzelo Jamie Samson Its Senior Vice President Its CAO & Exec. V.P. Date December 17, 2004 Date 12/17/04 Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -29- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

Properties Major Releases: “Robots” Untitled Ridley Scott Film “Ice Age 2” “Eragon” • The inclusion of “Eragon” shall be contingent upon Fox’s acquisition of the rights to the Property and its ability to grant licensing and merchandising rights thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no grant of rights to the Property from Fox to Licensee without Fox’s prior written notice advising of Fox’s acquisition of the rights to the Property and related licensing and merchandising rights. This Exhibit A and Exhibit E will be amended at such time that Fox can grant such rights. Targeted Releases: Untitled Mike Judge Film “Mr. & Mrs. Smith” “Lady Luck” • The inclusion of “Lady Luck” shall be contingent upon Fox’s acquisition of the rights to the Property and its ability to grant licensing and merchandising rights thereto. For the avoidance of doubt, there shall be no grant of rights to the Property from Fox to Licensee without Fox’s prior written notice advising of Fox’s acquisition of the rights to the Property and related licensing and merchandising rights. This Exhibit A and Exhibit H will be amended at such time that Fox can grant such rights. TBD TBD TBD TBD TBD The Properties set forth on this Exhibit A may be removed and substituted, or additional Properties may be included, in accordance with Paragraph 1(a)

(i). Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -30-

“Robots” Wireless Products A minimum of: 12-D Java Game in connection with the initial theatrical release 1 3-D Java Game in connection with the DVD release 5 Java Applications (‘Screensavers’) (2 3-D Screensavers and 3 2-D Screensavers) in connection with the initial theatrical release 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -31- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

Untitled Ridley Scott Film Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 2-D Java Game, which shall include mutually agreed upon 3-D elements 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -32- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“Ice Age 2” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -33- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“Eragon” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -34- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“Untitled Mike Judge Film” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee’s decision will prevail) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -35- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“Mr. & Mrs. Smith” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee’s decision will prevail) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -36- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“Lady Luck” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee’s decision will prevail) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -37- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“TBD” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee’s decision will prevail) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -38- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“TBD” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee’s decision will prevail) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -39- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“TBD” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee’s decision will prevail) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -40- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“TBD” Wireless Products A minimum of: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee’s decision will prevail) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -41- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

“TBD” Wireless Products Up to: 1 Java Game (2-D or 3-D to be mutually agreed provided that if the parties are unable to reach an agreement, Licensee’s decision will prevail) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones, if talent agreements so allow Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -42- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

Glossary “MMS” stands for Multimedia Messaging Service — a store and forward messaging service that allows mobile subscribers to exchange multimedia messages with other mobile subscribers. MMS supports the transmission of additional media types: text, picture, audio, video and combinations of them. “Realtone” or “Trutone” (also referred to as Master Tone) shall mean a digital, audio file containing an excerpt of a master recording of a musical composition, no more than 45 seconds in length, formatted for playback by a wireless device when such wireless device receives an incoming call. “Screensaver” shall mean a Java application that replaces the image on a screen when the screen is not in use. “Wallpaper” on a mobile phone shall mean the background pattern or picture against which mobile phone screen menus, icons, and other elements are displayed and moved around. A wallpaper image can be in a JPEG or a GIF file format. Each model/make of the mobile phone provides several pre- installed wallpaper images for the user to choose from. A user can also choose to download and install third-party wallpapers and use one of these instead. “Voicetone” shall mean the audio speech sound heard by a caller, such as lines from a movie or spoken lyrics of a song. “Ringtone” shall mean a digital, audio file containing a portion of a musical composition, no more than 45 seconds in length, formatted for playback by a wireless device when such wireless device receives an incoming call. For the avoidance of doubt, a Ring Tone may be either monophonic or polyphonic. [Remaining definitions are TBD] Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -43- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

Licensee Contract Number: Property Report Peri od Star t Date: Territory Report Peri od End Date: Wallpaper Screensaver MMS Game Ringer Wallpaper Screensaver MMS Game Ringer Name/Likeness No Music No Music No Music No Music No Music Music Music Music Music Music None 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Mail to: Twentieth Century Fox Licensing & Merchandising Total Net Sales

P.O. Box 90 0 Royalty Ra tes Beverly Hill s, CA 90213-0 900 Royalty Ear ned Attn: Jimyo ng K im Less: Advan ce Bal ance Street address: 2121 Avenu e of t he Stars, Room 4014 Royalty Pay ment Enclosed Los Angeles , CA 90067 -or- New Advan ce Bala nce

This report is based on our books and records and is, to the best of my knowledge, true, correct and complete for the period stated and complies with all contractual requirements Minimum Guarantee Amount NAME TITLE Payment Re quired to Meet Guarantee due on:

NOTE: This report is required to be filed whether or not there were any sales for the period. For most licenses, the report is due no later than 30 days following every calendar quarter the agreement is active.

Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -44- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

News America Incorporated (“News America”) is the principal U.S. subsidiary of The News Corporation Limited, one of the world’s largest media companies. The businesses of News America and its subsidiary, Fox Entertainment Group, Inc., include: the production and distribution of motion pictures, television programming and related consumer products (Twentieth Century Fox); television and cable broadcasting (the Fox Network, Fox owned television stations, Fox Sports Net, Fox Sports World, Fox Sports World Espaňol, Speedvision, Fox News Channel, FX and Fox Movie Channel); the publication of newspapers, books, magazines and promotional free-standing inserts (The New York Post, HarperCollins Publishers, The Weekly Standard and News America Marketing); sports franchises (the Los Angeles Dodgers); and marketing services (SmartSource/iGroup). In this Statement of Privacy Principles these businesses are collectively called the News America Group. At the News America Group we strive to enhance our relationship with consumers. Collecting personal information about consumers is vital to this effort. This Statement of Privacy Principles describes the policies and procedures of the News America Group’s U.S.-based businesses for the collection, use, and dissemination of personally identifiable information about U.S. consumers in both the online and offline world. The Principles are based on the concepts of consumer notice and choice.* The News America Group is actively involved in the ongoing privacy debate and is continually monitoring privacy developments. Accordingly, from time to time we may modify these Privacy Principles to reflect changes in the law, self-regulatory initiatives and technology.

The News America Group obtains personally identifiable information only if we believe the information is relevant to our relationship with a consumer or to assist us in creating a relationship with a consumer. We obtain personally identifiable information about consumers directly from consumers whenever possible, primarily in the course of providing them with products, information and services. When the News America Group obtains personally identifiable information from third-party sources, we use only reputable sources. In those instances where our information collection activities involve children, the News America Group provides special privacy protections.

When The News America Group collects personally identifiable information from consumers, we inform them about who is collecting the information, why it is being collected, how it is being collected, the types of uses we will make of the information, whether we will disclose the information to third parties and the types of third parties to whom we will disclose the information, and consumers’ options regarding the use of their information. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -45- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

The News America Group provides consumers with an opportunity to choose whether the business unit that collects their personally identifiable information may use it for purposes that are other than those for which the information was submitted, and whether the information may be shared with third parties.

Inside the News America Group, we use personally identifiable information only in a manner consistent with these Privacy Principles. Personally identifiable information is available only to our employees, agents and contractors who have a business reason to have access to such information. The News America Group uses personally identifiable information to respond to our customers and to make decisions about the goods and services that the News America Group or its business partners provide or hope to provide to consumers. Subject to the exercise of consumer choice, personally identifiable information may be used for different purposes, or shared with our business partners. A News America Group business entity may disclose personally identifiable information without providing consumers with a choice in order to protect the rights of the companies within the News America Group or their respective employees, agents and contractors; to protect the safety and security of visitors to web sites operated by News America Group companies; to protect against fraud or for risk management purposes; or to comply with the law or legal process. In addition, if a News America Group entity sells all or part of one of its businesses, makes a sale or transfer of assets or is otherwise involved in a business merger or transfer, personally identifiable information may be transferred to a third party as part of that transaction.

The News America Group uses reasonable administrative, technical, personnel, and physical measures to safeguard personally identifiable information in its possession against loss, theft, and unauthorized use, disclosure or modification.

Whenever possible, each News America Group business unit permits consumers to have a right to see the personally identifiable information that it has collected from them, to correct any information that is incorrect and to instruct the business unit to delete the information from its files.

Consumers may contact a privacy officer at each News America Group business unit regarding privacy complaints and disputes.

Each News America Group company will take appropriate measures to ensure compliance with these Privacy Principles. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -46- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

Jamdat Mforma Digital Bridges Digital Chocolate Game Loft Infospace Any further additions and/or deletions shall be mutually agreed and addressed via amendment to this Agreement. Wireless Content License Agreement Multiple Properties / Sorrent, Inc. / Final PLZ -47- Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

(a) FOX ASSIGNMENT OF AGREEMENT: Pursuant to Twentieth Century Fox Licensing and Merchandising’s assignment of rights and obligations through an assignment dated as of October 1, 2005 by and between Twentieth Century Fox Licensing and Merchandising and Fox Mobile Entertainment Inc., Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc. is hereby substituted for Twentieth Century Fox Licensing and Merchandising as “Fox” under the Agreement.

(b) LICENSEE CHANGE OF NAME: The parties hereby acknowledge that Licensee’s change of name from Sorrent, Inc. to Glu Mobile, Inc.

(a) “IN HER SHOES”: Consistent with Paragraph 1(a)(ii), Exhibit A is amended to include the Property “In Her Shoes” as a Targeted Release. Subject to talent restrictions with respect to the use of likeness in merchandising and specifically excluding, without limitation, any use of the likeness of Cameron Diaz for any content intended for sale, Licensee shall develop the following Wireless Product in conjunction with “In Her Shoes”: one (1) 2-D casual-style puzzle game. (“IN HER SHOES Wireless Product”)

(i) “IN HER SHOES” Porting: Licensee shall work with Fox’s United Kingdom office to determine the appropriate porting and support a potential release of the Wireless Product developed in connection with “IN HER SHOES”.

(ii) “IN HER SHOES” GUARANTEE AND ROYALTY: There shall be no Individual Property Guarantee attributable to the Targeted Release “IN HER SHOES”. Licensee may recoup the Guarantee Forfeiture Payment (as defined in Paragraph 3 of this Amendment below) from the sales of the IN HER SHOES Wireless Product. At such time that ***** percent (*****%) of the Guarantee Forfeiture Payment is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee’s gross receipts from Licensee’s sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the IN HER SHOES Wireless Product.

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.

(iii) FOX INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY: Consistent with Paragraph 11(b) of the Agreement all music developed and used in connection with the “IN HER SHOES” Wireless Product shall be owned exclusively by Fox.

(b) “IDIOCRACY”: Consistent with Paragraph 1(a)(ii), Exhibit A is amended to include the Property “Idiocracy” as a Targeted Release. Licensee shall develop the following Wireless Product in conjunction with “Idiocracy”: one (1) game entitled “OW, MY ##@@@s” (“IDIOCRACY Wireless Product”).

(i) “IDIOCRACY” GUARANTEE AND ROYALTY: There shall be no Individual Property guarantee attributable to the targeted Release “IDIOCRACY”. Licensee may recoup the guarantee Forfeiture Payment (as defined in Paragraph 3 of this Amendment below) from the sales of the IDIOCRACY Wireless Product. At such time that ***** percent (*****%) of the Guarantee Forfeiture Payment is recouped by Licensee, Fox shall earn and Licensee shall pay to Fox Royalties at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee’s gross receipts from Licensee’s sale, license, distribution or other exploitation of the IDIOCRACY Wireless Product.

(i) “ICE AGE 2” WIRELESS PRODUCTS: Licensee shall develop and distribute the following Wireless Products in connection with the property “ICE AGE 2”: (i) 1 Java Game; (ii) 1 Java Application (‘Screensaver’) where feasible; (iii) up to 5 MMS; (iv) up to 10 Wallpapers; (v) and up to 5 Voicetones (“ICE AGE 2 Wireless Products”) in each of the following five (5) languages: English, French, German, Italian, Spanish, with Portuguese, Greek, Dutch and Swedish to be made available where practicable. Licensee shall have the non-exclusive right and license to develop and distribute ICE AGE 2 Wireless Products during the Term of the Agreement for all Wireless Products set forth in this Paragraph 2(c) except the Game, for which Licensee shall have the exclusive right and license to develop and distribute until December 31, 2006. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee’s right and license to develop and distribute the Game in connection with the Property “ICE AGE 2” shall become non-exclusive after December 31, 2006.

(A) “ICE AGE 2” RESERVATION OF RIGHTS: Fox hereby reserves the right to develop, publish and/or distribute (or grant a third party the right to develop, publish, and/or distribute) any wireless products or wireless content or any nature which may be derived from the property “ICE AGE 2”. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will Fox develop, publish and/or distribute games derived from the Property “ICE AGE 2” prior to January 1, 2007.

(ii) “ICE AGE 2” GUARANTEE AND ROYALTY: In addition to any outstanding Guarantee payments which Licensee shall pay to Fox as set forth in Paragraph 3 of this Amendment below, Licensee shall pay to Fox a minimum recoupable guarantee of ***** dollars (US$*****) on or before ***** (“ICE AGE 2 Guarantee”), and

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.

(i) Exhibits A and C are amended to replace “Untitled Ridley Scott Film” with “KINGDOM OF HEAVEN.” Exhibit C is further amended to include the KOH Video Clips as defined in Paragraph 3(b) below, with the minimum number of clips to be determined by Fox.

(ii) Paragraph 1(a) of the Agreement is amended to provide that Fox grants Licensee a worldwide, exclusive (except as otherwise may be provided in the Agreement), non-transferable right and license to distribute video clips for the property “KINGDOM OF HEAVEN” (“KOH Video Clips”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, Fox retains the right to develop and distribute promotional KOH Video Clips for the purpose of marketing the Property and DVD, which shall consist of different video clips than those developed for Licensee’s distribution. Licensee’s term of exclusivity with respect to the KOH Video Clips shall expire on October 29, 2005, and Licensee’s right and license to distribute the KOH Video Clips shall expire twelve (12) months after the initial theatrical release of the Property “KINGDOM OF HEAVEN”. Fox shall produce the KOH Video Clips, and Licensee shall reimburse Fox for all production costs associated with such production of the KOH Video Clips, which costs may not be used by Licensee to recoup Licensee’s Guarantee payable to Fox under the Agreement.

(iii) Paragraph 7 of the Agreement is amended to provide that with respect to the KOH Video Clips, Fox shall be entitled to receive an amount equal to ***** percent (*****%) of ***** percent (*****%) of the Gross Receipts derived from the distribution of the KOH Video Clips from the first dollar Licensee earns (“KOH Video Clips Revenue”). With respect to KOH Video Clips which Licensee distributes to VGSL, VGSL will remit directly to Fox, Fox’s contractual share (pursuant to the VGSL Agreement ) of such VGSL Revenue. Fox will remit all VGSL Revenue to Licensee and such VGSL Revenue shall be treated as Gross Receipts for the purpose of this Agreement, and pursuant to this Amendment, Licensee shall remit to Fox the KOH Video Clips Revenue derived from the VGSL Revenue. The KOH Video Clips Revenue remitted by Licensee to Fox may not be used by Licensee to recoup the Individual Property Guarantee for “KINGDOM OF HEAVEN” as set forth in Paragraph 6(b)(i) of the Agreement.

3. GUARANTEE PAYMENT: Consistent with paragraph 15(c) of the Agreement, Licensee shall forfeit the Guarantee paid to date of ***** dollars ***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.

4. DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DISTRIBUTION: Fox hereby reserves the right to distribute all Wireless Products through Fox’s direct-to-consumer distribution channels, for which Fox shall retain a Distribution Fee as defined in Paragraph 4(a) of this Amendment.

(a) DISTRIBUTION FEE FOR DIRECT-TO-CONSUMER DISTRIBUTION: Should Fox or its assigns choose to distribute the Wireless Products through Fox’s and its assigns’ direct-to-consumer distribution channels, Fox or its assigns shall deduct a percentage of Fox’s Gross Receipts (defined as monies received by or credited to Fox or its assigns from Fox’s or its assigns’ direct-to-consumer distribution channels, for the download of the Wireless Products by end users, or the sale or download of Wireless Products to end users) collected from the sale of such Wireless Products (“Distribution Fee”) in the amount of ***** percent (*****%) of Fox’s Gross Receipts. After Fox or its assigns deducts its Distribution Fee, it shall remit the remainder to Licensee and Licensee shall pay to Fox or its assigns or such other party as Fox or its assigns may designate in writing, Royalties in the amounts set forth in the Agreement or this Amendment.

5. MUTUTAL RELEASE: With the exception of Licensee’s Royalties payment obligations with respect to all Wireless Products released as of the date of this Amendment, and the obligations set forth in this Amendment, neither party shall have any further obligation under the Agreement, and all claims arising under the Agreement shall be mutually released.

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.

A. “ICE AGE 2” a/k/a “ICE AGE: THE MELTDOWN” AUDIO AND VIDEO WIRELESS PRODUCTS:

1. Grant of Rights: Fox grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive right and license to distribute the following Wireless Products in connection with the Property “ICE AGE: THE MELTDOWN” in the United States: (A) 2 Scrat voicetones; (B) 2 John Leguizamo voicetones; and (C) 3 premium videos. Fox also grants Licensee a limited, non-exclusive right and license to distribute the following Wireless Products in connection with the Property “ICE AGE 2” outside of the United States: (A) 4 Scrat voicetones; (B) 1 John Leguizamo voicetone; and (C) 3 premium videos. (collectively, “IA2 Audio and Video Wireless Products”)

1. Royalty: In consideration of the rights granted to Licensee pursuant to this Amendment 2, Licensee shall pay to Fox, or such other party as Fox may designate in writing, a royalty in the following amount:

(a) From the first unit sold, Fox shall earn a royalty at the rate of ***** percent (*****%) of Licensee’s Gross Receipts (as defined in the Agreement) from Licensee’s sale and distribution of the IA2 Audio and Video Wireless Products. (“IA2 Audio and Video Royalty”). For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee may not recoup any portion of the Ice Age 2 Guarantee (as defined in Amendment 1) through its sale and distribution of the IA2 Audio and Video Wireless Products.

2. VGSL and other CSP Accounting: All VGSL and other CSP payments remitted directly to Fox pursuant to the VGSL Agreement and other CSP agreements with respect to the IA Audio and Video Wireless Products shall be treated in the same manner as set forth in Paragraphs 7(b)(ii) and 7(b)(iii) of the Agreement.

***** The omitted portions of this exhibit have been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to a request for confidential treatment under Rule 406 promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933.

3. No Direct-to-Consumer Distribution Royalty: Licensee shall not be entitled to receive a share of any revenues and shall have no claim to any revenues earned and collected by Fox, or a third-party Fox designates, for the IA2 Audio and Video Wireless Products which Fox distributes through its and its assigns’ direct-to-consumer distribution channels. Except as herein expressly amended or by necessary implication modified by this Amendment, the Agreement in all other respects is hereby ratified and shall continue in full force and effect. By signing in the places indicated below, the parties hereto accept and agree to all of the terms and conditions hereof.

Glu Mobile, Inc. f/k/a Sorrent, Inc. (“Licensee”) Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc. (“Fox”) By: /s/ PAUL ZUZELO By: /s/ JAMIE SAMSON Jamie Samson Name: Paul Zuzelo Its: Senior Vice President Its: CAO Date: March 28, 2006 Date: 3/28/06 Source: GLU MOBILE INC, S-1/A, 3/19/2007

1. EXTENSION OF TERM: The first paragraph of Section 4 of the Agreement is hereby deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following: “TERM: The rights granted hereunder shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on December 31, 2006 (the “Term”); provided, however, that with respect to each Property, including Robots, Kingdom of Heaven, Mr. and Mrs. Smith, In Her Shoes, Idiocracy (Oww My Balls) and Ice Age II, all right and licenses granted herein will continue in full force and effect until March 31, 2008.”

2. NOTICE PROVISION: The notice information for Licensee in Section 17(a) of the Agreement shall be amended such that “Paul Zuzelo” is deleted and replaced with “General Counsel”, and such that the email address for Paul Zuzelo is deleted. Except as herein expressly amended or by necessary implication modified by this Amendment, the Agreement in all other respects is hereby ratified and shall continue in full force and effect. By signing in the places indicated below, the parties hereto accept and agree to all of the terms and conditions hereof. Glu Mobile Inc. (“Licensee”) Fox Mobile Entertainment, Inc. (“Fox”) By: /s/ Albert A. Pimentel By: /s/ Jamie Samson Name: Albert A. Pimentel Name: Jamie Samson Its: EVP and CFO Its: Senior Vice President Date: Date:

This Content License Agreement ("Agreement"), dated as of Feb 10, 2014 (the "Effective Date"), is by and between PSiTech Corporation, a BVI Corporation, with offices located at 303, 3rdFl, St. Georges Bldg, 2 Ice House St, Central, Hong Kong("Licensor"), and Empirical Ventures, Inc., a Nevada corporation with offices located at 100, 40 Lake Bellevue Dr, Bellevue, WA("Licensee").

WHEREAS, Licensee owns, operates and controls the Licensee Site (as defined below);

WHEREAS, Licensor owns or otherwise has the right to license the Licensed Content (as defined below);

WHEREAS, Licensee wishes to make Licensed Content accessible on the Licensee Site; and WHEREAS, Licensor is willing to license the Licensed Content to Licensee, subject to all terms and conditions set forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, terms and conditions set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

1. Definitions. For purposes of this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings. Other terms defined in the body of the Agreement shall have the meanings so given. "Affiliate" of a Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. The term "control" (including the terms "controlled by" and "under common control with") means the direct or indirect ownership of more than fifty percent (50 %) of the voting securities of a Person. "Confidential Information" means any information that is treated as confidential by a party, including, without limitation, trade secrets, technology, information pertaining to business operations and strategies, and information pertaining to customers, pricing and marketing, in each case to the extent it is: (a) if in tangible form, marked as confidential; or otherwise, identified at the time of disclosure as confidential, or (b) would be considered as confidential information by one who is reasonably knowledgeable and experienced in the field to which the information relates. With respect to each party, the terms of this Agreement are Confidential Information of the other party.

1 Source: GO-PAGE CORP, 10-K, 2/21/2014 "Content Item" means each discrete creative work (for example, article, photograph or video), as designated by the Licensor, that is included in the Licensed Content. "End User" means each natural person that has access to Licensed Content on the Licensee Site. "Gross Revenues" means the gross revenues received by the Licensee and derived from or in connection with the Licensee Site, from any sources whatsoever, including but not limited to fees for access to and use of the Licensee Site and advertising, sponsorship, marketing and other paid-for placements, andmaintenance, support and other services. "Law" means any statute, law, ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, constitution, treaty, common law, judgment, decree, other requirement or rule of law of any federal, state, local or foreign government or political subdivision thereof, or any arbitrator, court or tribunal of competent jurisdiction. "Licensed Content" means those materials and content identified in Schedule 2, as may be amended by the parties as set forth herein. "Licensee Site" means the website operated by Licensee on or through which the Licensed Content is displayed. "Losses" means losses, damages, liabilities, deficiencies, actions, judgments, interest, awards, penalties, fines, costs or expenses of whatever kind, including reasonable attorneys' fees and the cost of enforcing any right to indemnification hereunder and the cost of pursuing any insurance providers.] "Mark" means any trademark, trade name, service mark, design, logo, domain name or other indicator of the source or origin of any product or service. Licensor’s Mark as used in Section 3.3shall mean the Mark “Go­Page”, either in standard character or stylized format. “Multi­level Marketing” or “MLM” means a direct sales or marketing strategy in which the sales force is compensated both for sales they personally generate and for sales made by sales people they recruit. "Person" means an individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, limited liability entity, governmental authority, unincorporated organization, trust, association or other entity. "Related Media" means those mobile sites, mobile applications (apps), widgets, gadgets, RSS feeds, e-mail newsletters and other content delivery media owned, operated and controlled by Licensee. "Territory" means Canada, United States and Mexico.

2. Delivery of Content. During the Term, except as otherwise set forth herein, Licensor shall make available to Licensee the Licensed Content for display on the Licensed Site. Licensor reserves the right to modify the Licensed Content in its reasonable discretion. Licensor shall notify Licensee of any such modifications. Licensor is not liable for delays or failures of delivery beyond its reasonable control. Licensor's sole responsibility for any such delay or failure is to deliver or re-deliver the relevant Licensed Content as soon as reasonably possible.

3.1 Content License. Subject to Licensee’s on­going compliance with Section 3.2 and all other terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor grants to Licensee an exclusive (save for rights reserved to Licensor hereunder), non-transferable (except as provided in Section 11.7) and non- sublicensable license, during the License Term, to reproduce, perform, display, transmit and distribute the Licensed Content on the Licensee Siteand Related Media intended solely for use by End Usersin the Territory within the scope set forth in Schedule 1 (License Scope), which is attached hereto and incorporated herein by this reference. The foregoing includes the right to permit End Users to access the Licensed Content solely for their own end use and not for redistribution and otherwise subject to Terms of Use that comply with Section 4.3. Licensee is not granted any right to, and shall not, permit any other use of the Licensed Content by End Users, or any use of the Licensed Content by any other Person (including Licensee's Affiliates).

3.2 Content License Restrictions. The license granted in Section 3.1 is subject to the following:

(a) Licensee shall not include Licensed Content on the Licensee Site or any Related Media other than as expressly permitted herein and in accordance with all terms and conditions of Section 4.

(b) Licensee shall not make the Licensed Content available, or otherwise use the Licensed Content, except as expressly licensed pursuant to Section 3.1. Any use by Licensee of the Licensed Content on any other website, mobile site or application or other media of Licensee other than the Licensee Site and Related Media as expressly provided herein requires a separate written agreement between Licensor and Licensee, and Licensor has no obligation to enter into any such agreement.

(c) Licensee shall not permit the Licensed Content to be, or appear to be, reproduced, displayed or distributed on, as part of or in connection with any website or other online (including mobile) area other than the Licensee Site and Related Media, whether by framing, in-line linking, appearing in a new window or otherwise.

(d) Licensee shall not edit, alter, modify, combine with other content or create any derivative works of the Licensed Content without the prior written consent of Licensor.

(e) Licensee shall not display, and shall not permit others to display, on the Licensee Site any images or content that is or could be reasonably construed to be offensive, pornographic, defamatory or libelous, infringing the intellectual property rights of any third party, promoting terrorism or other unlawful violence, or for any other purpose that violates applicable Law.

(f) If Licensor instructs Licensee to delete or make inaccessible any Content Item because such Content Item may contain errors, is or could be subject to a third-party claim or for any other good faith reason, Licensee shall comply with such instruction as promptly as reasonably possible and, in any case, within twenty-four (24) hours. The License Term for each such Content Item terminates at the end of such 24-hour period. All uses of the Licensed Content that do not comply fully with the provisions of this Section 3.2 shall for all purposes be deemed beyond the scope of the license granted hereunder. Any violation of this Section 3.2 by Licensee shall be a material breach of this Agreement for which Licensor may terminate this Agreement as set forth in Section 6.2(a).

(a) Licensor grants to Licensee a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable (except as provided in Section 11.7) and non-sublicensable royalty-free license during the Term to those of Licensor's Marks designated by Licensor from time to time to:

(i)display such Marks on the Licensee Site: (x) with the Licensed Content to provide source attribution; or (y) as links to the Licensed Content;

(iii)advertise, market and promote the availability of the Licensed Content or the Licensee Site and identify the Licensor as a content provider; provided, that all uses of Licensor's Marks shall require Licensor's prior written approval.

(b) Licensee shall use the Marks solely in accordance with Licensor's trademark usage guidelines and quality control standards as the same may be updated from time to time by Licensor. If Licensor notifies Licensee that any use does not so comply, Licensee shall immediately either remedy the use to the satisfaction of Licensor or terminate such use. Licensee shall not use, register or attempt to register in any jurisdiction any Mark that is confusingly similar to or incorporates any of the Licensor's Marks. All uses of the Licensor's Marks, and all goodwill associated therewith, shall inure solely to the benefit of Licensor.

3.4 Reservation of Rights. Neither this Agreement nor the licenses granted hereunder convey any ownership right in any of the Licensed Content, Licensor's Marks or other materials provided by or on behalf of Licensor under this Agreement. Except for the express licenses granted in this Agreement, all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Content and Licensor's Marks are and will remain with Licensor and its licensors.

4.1 Content Display. Throughout the Term, Licensee shall provide the Licensed Content on the Licensee Site and Related Media solely to the extent of and within the scope of the license granted in this Agreement and otherwise in accordance with the following:

(a) Licensee shall present the Licensed Content solely in accordance with the specifications and restrictions set forth in Schedule 4.

(b) Licensee shall update Licensed Content on the Licensee Site and Related Media promptly upon receipt of such updates from the Licensor.

(c) Licensee shall present each Content Item solely in its entirety (without any addition, modification or deletion).

(d) Licensee shall remove the Licensed Content from the Licensee Site and Related Media immediately upon the expiration or earlier termination of the License Term for such Content Item.

4.2 Required Notices. Licensee shall display with each Content Item the appropriate copyright and trademark notices and any other source attribution required by Licensor. Licensee shall not alter, remove or obstruct any such notices or attribution included with any Content Item as delivered by Licensor.

4.3 Terms of Use. Throughout the Term, Licensee shall have in effect and maintain accessible on the Licensee Site and Related Media website terms of use ("Terms of Use") and privacy policy (“Privacy Policy”) on which use of the Licensee Site and Related Media, including the Licensed Content, is expressly conditioned, and which in form and substance are reasonably acceptable to Licensor.

4.4 Content Hosting and Support; User Complaints. Throughout the Term, Licensee shall host, operate, maintain and make accessible to End Users the Licensed Content on the Licensee Site. The service level standards and procedures used by Licensee with respect to the Licensed Content, including but not limited to those regarding End User requests and communications, will be consistent with those it employs with respect to other content on the Licensee Site. Without limiting the foregoing, if Licensee receives any notice claiming that the Licensed Content infringes or otherwise violates any intellectual property or other third-party right, Licensee shall:

(a) immediately notify Licensor in writing (which may include e-mail), including such detail as is available and necessary for Licensor to evaluate and address such complaint; and

5.1 License Fees. In consideration of the licenses granted and other undertakings by Licensor hereunder, Licensee shall pay Licensor a License Fee in the amount of two hundred thousand dollars (US$200,000) (“License Fee”). The License Fee shall be due and payable as follows:

(a) US$50,000 upon signing the Memorandum of Understanding (“MOU”) between the Parties (provided, however, that Licensor hereby acknowledges receipt of this portion of the License Fee);

(c) US$100,000 upon on or before March 28, 2014. The License Fees are non-cancellable and non-refundable.

5.2 In addition to the License Fee payable in accordance with Section 5.1, Licensee shall pay a royalty (“Royalty”) to Licensor according to the following schedule (“Royalty Schedule”): Subscribers Royalty Payable as Percentage of Gross Revenue 0 - 5000 6.25% 5001 - 7500 6.75% 7501 - 10,000 7.00% 10,001 - 15,000 8.00% 15,001 - 20,000 8.50% 20,001 - 25,000 9.25% 25,001+ 9.75%

(a) Not later than the fifteenth (15th) calendar day of each calendar quarter (or the first business day thereafter), Licensee shall deliver to Licensor (i) a report accurately showing Gross Revenues of the Licensee for the previous quarter, the number of Subscribers on the last day of such previous quarter and the amount of Royalties due thereon, and (ii) payment of the Royalties payable for such previous quarterbased on the Subscriber information as reflected in the report. All payments under this Agreement shall be made in US dollars.

(b) If Licensee fails to make any payment when due:

(i)Licensor shall have the right to terminate this Agreement and all licenses granted hereunder as provided in Section 6.2; and]

(ii)If any License Fees or Royalties are more than ten (10) days past due, Licensor may assess interest on the past due amount at the rate of one and a half percent (1.5%) per month or, if lower, the highest rate permitted under applicable Law.

5.4 Taxes. All License Fees are exclusive of sales, use, value added, and similar taxes, which are the responsibility of Licensee. If Licensee is required under any applicable Law to withhold any amount from such payment, Licensee shall hold such funds in trust for Licensor and shall cooperate with Licensor in completing and filing all forms and other documents required for the release of the funds withheld for payment to Licensor.

5.5 Audit Right. During the Term and for five (5) years thereafter, Licensee shall maintain complete and accurate books and records regarding its business operations relevant to the calculation of License Fees and any other information required to be reported to Licensor under this Agreement. Licensee shall make such books and records, and appropriate personnel, available during normal business hours for audit by Licensor or its authorized representative; provided that Licensor shall:

(a) provide Licensee with reasonable prior notice of any audit;

(b) undertake an audit no more than once per calendar year, unless a prior audit has disclosed a balance due; and

(c) conduct or cause to be conducted such audit in a manner designed to minimize disruption of Licensee's normal business operations. Licensor may take copies and abstracts of materials audited. Licensor will pay the cost of such audits unless an audit reveals a discrepancy in payment or reporting of five percent (5%) or more, in which case the Licensee shall reimburse the Licensor for the reasonable cost of the audit. Licensee shall immediately upon notice from Licensor pay Licensor the amount of any underpayment revealed by the audit, including interest calculated in accordance with Section 5.3(b)(ii), together with any reimbursement pursuant to the preceding sentence.

6.1 Term. The initial term of this Agreement commences as of the Effective Date and, unless terminated earlier pursuant to any express provision of this Agreement, shall continue until five (5) years following the Effective Date (the "Initial Term"). Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew automatically for one (1) additional three (3) year period (the "Renewal Term" and collectively, together with the Initial Term, the "Term") unless either party provides the other with written notice of non-renewal at least ninety (90) days before the expiration of the Initial Term].

(a) Either party may terminate this Agreement, effective upon written notice to the other party, if the other partymaterially breaches this Agreement, and such breach is incapable of cure or, if capable of cure, (i) fails to commence a plan of action approved by Licensor to cure such breach within thirty (30) days, or (ii) fails to cure such breach within ninety (90) days after receiving written notice thereof, in either case after receiving notice of the breach. Provided, however, that if the breach giving rise to the termination right under this Section 6.2is non-payment of License Fees or Royalties, the cure period shall be ten (10) days.

(b) Either party may terminate this Agreement by written notice to the other party if the other party: (i) becomes insolvent or admits its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due;

(ii) becomes subject, voluntarily or involuntarily, to any proceeding under any domestic or foreign bankruptcy or insolvency law, which is not fully stayed within ten (10) business days or is not dismissed or vacated within sixty (60) days after filing;

(iii) is dissolved or liquidated or takes any corporate action for such purpose;

(iv) makes a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or (v) has a receiver, trustee, custodian or similar agent appointed by order of any court of competent jurisdiction to take charge of or sell any material portion of its property or business.

6.3 Effect of Expiration or Termination. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement:

(a) All licenses granted under this Agreement shall also terminate, and Licensee shall immediately delete from its systems and servers all Licensed Content, Licensor's Marks and any other materials provided by Licensor. Upon Licensor's written request, Licensee shall promptly provide Licensor with written certification of such deletion.

(b) Licensee shall promptly pay all unpaid License Fees that relate to the period prior to the effective date of expiration or termination.

(c) If termination is by Licensor pursuant to Section 6.2(a), all License Fees that would have been payable through the end of the then- current Term had the Agreement not been terminated early shall become immediately due and payable.

(d) If termination is by Licensee pursuant to Section 6.2(a), Licensee shall be relieved of any obligation to pay License Fees that relate to the period after the effective date of termination.

(e) Each party shall (i) return to the other party all documents and tangible materials (and any copies) containing, reflecting, incorporating or based on the other party's Confidential Information, (ii) permanently erase all of the other party's Confidential Information from its computer systems and (iii) certify in writing to the other party that it has complied with the requirements of this Section 6.3(e).

6.4 Surviving Terms. The provisions set forth in the following Sections, and any other right or obligation of the parties in this Agreement that, by its nature, should survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement: Section 3.4,

Section 5.5,Section 6.3, this Section 6.4, Section 7, Section 8, Section 9, Section 10 and Section 11.

7.1 Mutual Representations and Warranties. Each party represents and warrants to the other party that:

(a) it is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing as a corporation or other entity as represented herein under the laws and regulations of its jurisdiction of incorporation, organization or chartering;

(b) it has the full right, power and authority to enter into this Agreement, to grant the rights and licenses granted hereunder and to perform its obligations hereunder;

(c) the execution of this Agreement by its representative whose signature is set forth at the end hereof has been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action of the party; and

(d) when executed and delivered by such party, this Agreement will constitute the legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms.

7.2 DISCLAIMER. EXCEPT FOR THE EXPRESS WARRANTIES IN THIS AGREEMENT, (A) EACH PARTY HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY WARRANTY, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, STATUTORY OR OTHERWISE, UNDER THIS AGREEMENT; AND (B) LICENSOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON- INFRINGEMENT.

8.1 By Licensor. Licensor shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensee against all Losses arising out of or resulting from any claim, suit, action or proceeding (each, an "Action") by an unaffiliated third party related to or arising out of a claim that the Licensed Content or Licensor's Marks, or Licensee's use thereof solely in compliance with this Agreement, infringes a copyright or trademark right of any third party registered in any country in the Territory. The foregoing obligation shall not apply to Losses for which Licensee is required to indemnify Licensor pursuant to Section

8.2 By Licensee. Licensee shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Licensor against all Losses arising out of or resulting from any Action by a third party related to or arising out of: (a) the Licensee Site or Related Media, including any material displayed or services provided thereon but excluding Licensed Content and Marks used in accordance with this Agreement;

(b) Licensee's use of the Licensed Content and/or Licensor's Marks in a manner not permitted by this Agreement (including Licensee's continued use of any Content Item in violation of Section 4.1(d) or any of Licensor's Marks after Licensor has directed Licensee to cease using any such Marks; or (c) Licensee's failure to comply fully with Section 4.3.

8.3 Indemnification Procedure. The indemnified party shall promptly notify the indemnifying party in writing of any Action and cooperate with the indemnifying party at the indemnifying party's sole cost and expense. The indemnifying party shall not settle any Action in a manner that adversely affects the rights of the indemnified party without the indemnified party's prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed. The indemnified party may retain counsel of its choice to observe the proceedings at its own cost and expense.

9.1 No Consequential or Indirect Damages. NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT FOR

FORESEEABLE AND WHETHER LICENSOR HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

9.2 Cap on Monetary Damages. EACH PARTY’S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE AGGREGATE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE TO LICENSOR IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE CLAIM.

9.3 Exceptions. The provisions of Section 9.1 and Section 9.2 will not apply to limit the Licensee’s indemnification obligations under Section 8.2, or in the case of Licensee’s gross negligence or wilful misconduct.

10. Confidentiality. Obligation of Confidentiality. Each party (the "Recipient") acknowledges that in connection with this Agreement such party may gain access to Confidential Information of the other party (the "Disclosing Party"). As a condition to being furnished with Confidential Information, the Recipient agrees, during the Term and for five (5) years thereafter. Confidential Information excludes such information required to be disclosed pursuant to federal or state securities rules and regulations, including but not limited to, disclosure of the Company in their filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission: to 10.1
