(a) not use the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information other than in connection with performing its obligations under this Agreement and shall make no use of any such Confidential Information, directly or indirectly, in any manner to the detriment of the Disclosing Party or in order to obtain any competitive benefit with respect to the Disclosing Party; and

(b) maintain the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information in confidence and, subject to Section 10.2 below, not disclose any of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information without the Disclosing Party's prior written consent; provided, however, that Recipient may disclose the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information to its officers, employees, consultants and legal advisors ("Representatives") who: (i) have a "need to know" for purposes of the Recipient's performance under this Agreement, (ii) have been apprised of this restriction; and (iii) are themselves bound by nondisclosure restrictions at least as restrictive as those set forth in this Section 0. The Recipient shall be responsible for ensuring its Representatives' compliance with, and shall be liable for any breach by its Representatives, of this Section 10. The Receiving Party shall employ the same efforts it uses with respect to its own confidential information to safeguard the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information from use or disclosure to anyone other than as permitted hereby.

(a) Confidential Information does not include information of the Disclosing Party that:

(i)is already known to the Recipient without restriction on use or disclosure prior to receipt of such information from the Disclosing Party;

(ii)is or becomes generally known by the public other than by breach of this Agreement by, or other wrongful act of, the Recipient; or

(iii)is received by the Recipient from a third party who is not under any obligation to the Disclosing Party to maintain the confidentiality of such information.

(b) If the Recipient becomes legally compelled to disclose any of the Disclosing Party's Confidential Information, the Recipient shall:

(i)provide prompt written notice to the Disclosing Party notice so that the Disclosing Party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy or waive its rights under this Section 10; and

(ii)disclose only the portion of Confidential Information that it is legally required to furnish. If a protective order or other remedy is not obtained, or the Disclosing Party waives compliance, the Recipient shall, at the Disclosing Party's expense, use reasonable efforts to obtain assurance that confidential treatment will be afforded the Confidential Information.

11.1 Further Assurances. Upon a party's reasonable request, the other party shall, at its sole cost and expense, promptly execute and deliver all such further documents and instruments, and take all such further actions, necessary to give full effect to the terms of this Agreement.

11.2 Relationship of the Parties. The relationship between the parties is that of independent contractors. Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as creating any agency, partnership, joint venture or other form of joint enterprise, employment or fiduciary relationship between the parties, and neither party shall have authority to contract for or bind the other party in any manner whatsoever. Public Announcements. Neither party shall issue or release any announcement, statement, press release or other publicity or marketing materials relating to this Agreement or, unless expressly permitted under this Agreement, otherwise use the other party's Marks, in each case, without the prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed; except the provisions of this paragraph excludes such information required to be disclosed pursuant to federal or state securities rules and regulations, including but not limited to, disclosure of the Company in their filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission.

11.3 Notices. All notices, requests, consents, claims, demands, waivers and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and addressed to the parties as follows (or as otherwise specified by a party in a notice given in accordance with this Section): If to Licensor: Room 303, 3rd Floor, St. George's Building, 2 Ice House Street, Central, Hong Kong Facsimile: (852) 3526 0355 E-mail:angela@sg-cs.com Attention: Angela Jen If to Licensee: 100, 40 Lake Bellevue Dr, Bellevue, WA, 98005 Facsimile: [FAX NUMBER] E-mail: Peter@go-page.com Attention: Peter Schulhof, President

14 Source: GO-PAGE CORP, 10-K, 2/21/2014 Notices sent in accordance with this Section shall be deemed effectively given: (a) when received, if delivered by hand (with written confirmation of receipt);

(b) when received, if sent by a nationally recognized overnight courier (receipt requested);

(c) on the date sent by facsimile or e-mail (in each case, with confirmation of transmission), if sent during normal business hours of the recipient, and on the next business day, if sent after normal business hours of the recipient; or (d) on the third business day after the date mailed, by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid.

11.4 Interpretation. For purposes of this Agreement, (a) the words "include," "includes" and "including" are deemed to be followed by the words "without limitation";

(c) the words "herein," "hereof," "hereby," "hereto" and "hereunder" refer to this Agreement as a whole;

(d) words denoting the singular have a comparable meaning when used in the plural, and vice-versa; and (e) words denoting any gender include all genders. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this Agreement: (x) to sections, exhibits, schedules, attachments and appendices mean the sections of, and exhibits, schedules, attachments and appendices attached to, this Agreement;

(y) to an agreement, instrument or other document means such agreement, instrument or other document as amended, supplemented and modified from time to time to the extent permitted by the provisions thereof; and (z) to a statute means such statute as amended from time to time and includes any successor legislation thereto and any regulations promulgated thereunder. The parties intend this Agreement to be construed without regard to any presumption or rule requiring construction or interpretation against the Party drafting an instrument or causing any instrument to be drafted. The exhibits, schedules, attachments and appendices referred to herein are an integral part of this Agreement to the same extent as if they were set forth verbatim herein.

11.5 Headings. The headings in this Agreement are for reference only and do not affect the interpretation of this Agreement.

11.6 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, together with the attached Schedules and any other documents incorporated herein by reference, constitutes the sole and entire agreement of the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous understandings, agreements, representations and warranties, both written and oral, with respect to such subject matter.

11.7 Assignment. This Agreement is personal to Licensee. Licensee shall not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer any of its obligations or performance, under this Agreement, in each case whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, without Licensor's prior written consent. For purposes of the preceding sentence, and without limiting its generality, any merger, consolidation or reorganization involving Licensee (regardless of whether Licensee is a surviving or disappearing entity) will be deemed to be a transfer of rights, obligations or performance under this Agreement for which Licensor's prior written consent is required. No delegation or other transfer will relieve Licensee of any of its obligations or performance under this Agreement. Any purported assignment, delegation or transfer in violation of this Section 11.7 is void from the outset and shall be of no force or effect. Licensor may freely assign or otherwise transfer all or any of its rights, or delegate or otherwise transfer all or any of its obligations or performance, under this Agreement without Licensee's consent. This Agreement is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective permitted successors and assigns.

11.8 No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, under or by reason of this Agreement.

11.9 Amendment and Modification; Waiver. No amendment to or modification of this Agreement is effective unless it is in writing and signed by an authorized representative of each party. No waiver by any party of any of the provisions hereof shall be effective unless explicitly set forth in writing and signed by the party so waiving. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, no failure to exercise, or delay in exercising, any rights, remedy, power or privilege arising from this Agreement shall operate or be construed as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege.

11.10 Severability. If any term or provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect any other term or provision of this Agreement or invalidate or render unenforceable such term or provision in any other jurisdiction. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

11.11 Governing Law; Submission to Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of Nevada without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule.

11.12 Dispute Resolution. In the event of a dispute arising out of this Agreement, the parties shall first negotiate in good faith in an effort to reach a settlement of the dispute. If having negotiated in good faith, the parties are unable to resolve their dispute, the parties shall submit the dispute to binding arbitration by a single arbitrator. The arbitration shall be governed by the Commercial Rules of Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitration shall take place at an agreed location, or if the parties cannot agree on a venue in Reno, Nevada or Vancouver, BC, as determined by the flip of a coin. The arbitrator shall have jurisdiction over the conduct of discovery prior to the hearing. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Section 11.13 shall be construed to prohibit either party from seeking appropriate injunctive or other equitable relief in a court of competent jurisdiction.

11.13 Attorneys' Fees. In the event that any action, suit, or other legal or administrative proceeding is instituted or commenced by either party hereto against the other party arising out of this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys' fees and court costs from the non-prevailing party.

11.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which is deemed an original, but all of which together are deemed to be one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this Agreement delivered by facsimile, e-mail or other means of electronic transmission is deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this Agreement. IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement as of the date first above written. PSITech Corporation By /s/Cameron Investments Limited Name: Cameron Investments Limited Title: Director

Empirical Ventures, Inc. By /s/Peter Schulhof Name: Peter Schulhof Title: President 17 Source: GO-PAGE CORP, 10-K, 2/21/2014

Display the Licensed Content on the Licensee Site to actual and prospective customers or End-Users located within Canada, the United States or Mexico engaged in any vertical market business except(i) the offer or brokering of vacation home rentals, and (ii) the offering or sale of any products or services using a Multi-level Marketing system.

The Licensed Content consists of content and images and code.

19 Source: GO-PAGE CORP, 10-K, 2/21/2014 Source: GO-PAGE CORP, 10-K, 2/21/2014

THIS MEDIA LICENSE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and effective as of the date of the Closing (as defined in the Merger Agreement (as defined below)) (the “Effective Date”), between NATIONAL FOOTBALL MUSEUM, INC., an Ohio non-profit corporation, doing business as Pro Football Hall of Fame (“PFHOF”), HOF Village Media Group, LLC (the “Village Media Company”), a Delaware limited liability company that is a wholly-owned subsidiary of HOF Village, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“HOFV”) and, solely for purposes of Section 4.5, HOFV; each a “Party” and collectively, the “Parties”.

A. In connection with a Master Transaction Agreement dated December 11, 2018, as amended of even date herewith and as it may be amended or otherwise modified from time to time (the “Master Transaction Agreement”), by and among the Parties and certain other parties, as well as other agreements referenced in the Master Transaction Agreement relating to the development of the Hall of Fame Village Complex (the “Village”), the Parties have determined that it is appropriate and in the Parties’ best interests to enter into a media license agreement for the exploitation of certain PFHOF assets by the Village Media Company and its Affiliates.

B. The Parties further desire to provide for the sharing of media-related opportunities between the Village Media Company and Hall of Fame Media Group, LLC, an Ohio limited liability company and indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of PFHOF (the “HOF Media Company”).

NOW THEREFORE, based upon the foregoing and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged (including but not limited to consideration outlined in the Master Transaction Agreement), and intending to be legally bound hereby, the Parties agree as follows:

1.1 “Advisory Board” shall mean a board of advisors to the Village Media Company and the HOF Media Company made up of four

(4) individuals – (i) the Chief Executive Officer of HOFV, (ii) the Chief Executive Officer of PFHOF, (iii) the Chief Executive Officer of the Village Media Company and (iv) the Executive Director of the HOF Media Company; provided, that if the Chief Executive Officer of the Village Media Company and the Executive Director of the HOF Media Company are the same individual (as is expected as of the Effective Date), then the fourth member of the Advisory Board shall be appointed by unanimous agreement of the foregoing individuals. The Advisory Board’s function shall be to facilitate the consideration of opportunities presented to either or both of the Village Media Company and the HOF Media Company.

1.2 “Affiliate” with respect to the Village Media Company shall mean any of HOFV and any of the following entities so long as it is directly or indirectly controlled by, or is under common control, with HOFV: HOF Village Stadium, LLC; HOF Village Parking, LLC; HOF Village Land, LLC; HOF Village Youth Fields, LLC; HOF Village Hotel I, LLC; HOF Village Sports Business, LLC; Youth Sports Management, LLC; HOF Village Parking Management I, LLC; HOF Village Residences I, LLC; HOF Village Center for Excellence, LLC; HOF Village Center for Performance, LLC; HOF Experience, LLC; and JCIHOFV Financing, LLC. “Affiliate” with respect to PFHOF shall mean any entity that is directly or indirectly controlled by, or is under common control with, PFHOF. For purposes of this definition, “control” means an equity or income interest of fifty percent (50%) or more, or the possession of the power, directly or indirectly, to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of the Affiliate, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract, or otherwise.

1.3 “Exploit” or “Exploitation” means to reproduce, distribute, digitally transmit, publish, publicly perform or otherwise display via any and all means of video or audio-visual media, or means of distribution except as set forth in this Agreement as to manner, frequency or duration of use including, but not limited to: film, television, streaming, short-form streaming, social media, SVOD, IVOD, pay per view, OTT, theatrical professional/non-professional productions, location based entertainment, music, publishing, holographic mediums, projection mapping, haptic mediums, as well as any marketing, advertising, and promotional activities thereof in any medium currently existing or hereinafter created.

1.4 “Merger Agreement” means that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated September 16, 2019, by and among GPAQ Acquisition Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, Gordon Pointe Acquisition Corp, a Delaware corporation, GPAQ Acquiror Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation, GPAQ Company Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, HOFV, and HOF Village Newco, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

1.5 “Person” means an individual, corporation, partnership, association, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, estate, joint stock company or other similar organization, government or political subdivision thereof, or any other entity.

1.6 “PFHOF Works” shall mean the written, audio, visual, audiovisual, or choreographic works currently or hereafter owned by or freely sub-licensable by PFHOF. 2

2.1 Subject to the terms of this Agreement (including, without limitation, Sections 2.3, 2.4, 2.6 and 5 below), PFHOF hereby grants to the Village Media Company a worldwide, non-exclusive, limited, non-sublicenseable and non-assignable (except to the extent set forth in this Agreement) right and license to (a) Exploit the PFHOF Works and (b) edit, supplement or otherwise adapt, incorporate or otherwise utilize, the PFHOF Works to create, produce and Exploit new, original work(s) (each such work in this clause (b), a “HOFV Work”). For the avoidance of doubt, after the termination or expiration of this Agreement, the Village Media Company and its permitted licensees shall continue to have the right to fully exploit, use, and Exploit the HOFV Works for the length of the term of the license granted by PFHOF in connection with such HOFV Work pursuant to Section 2.3; provided that the length of the term of such license shall be a minimum of five (5) years. Any HOFV Works created pursuant to this Agreement shall exclusively be owned by the Village Media Company; provided, however, that, (i) PFHOF shall own all right, title, interest, and copyright in and to the underlying PFHOF Work(s) as further set forth in Section 2.5 and (ii) the Village Media Company’s ownership is subject in all events to any Rights Restrictions and the terms of the license (including the term of such license) granted by PFHOF in connection with such HOFV Work pursuant to Section 2.3.

2.2 In addition to any rights set forth herein, PFHOF shall have the right and license to Exploit HOFV Works, at no fee or charge to PFHOF or any of its Affiliates, for educational, not-for-profit purposes aligned with the mission of PFHOF which usage shall not diminish the value of the Village Media Company’s or its Affiliates’ Exploitation of such HOFV Work in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. HOFV must preapprove any of PFHOF’s proposed plans to Exploit the HOFV Works, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld.

2.3 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, PFHOF shall have the right to approve (in its sole and absolute discretion) any and all usage of, and Village Media Company’s (and its Affiliates’ and permitted licensees’) plans to Exploit, the PFHOF Works (including any inclusion of any PFHOF Work in any HOFV Work and the term of such usage). Prior to any initial Exploitation of a PFHOF Work, the Village Media Company, at its own expense, must furnish to the Advisory Board and PFHOF a written notice (“Notice”) which Notice will set forth the Village Media Company’s proposal for Exploitation of a PFHOF Work (whether by itself or as incorporated into a HOFV Work), which proposal shall at a minimum specify the applicable PFHOF Work(s) to be Exploited by the Village Media Company, the nature and location of the proposed Exploitation and a pro forma specifying the economics and approximate time period related to such Exploitation. The Advisory Board shall, within fourteen

(14) days of its receipt of the Notice, make a recommendation to PFHOF to either approve or reject such proposal as set forth in the Notice. PFHOF shall, within fourteen (14) days of its receipt of the recommendation of the Advisory Board, either approve or reject the proposal as set forth in the Notice. If PFHOF does not approve the proposal as set forth in the Notice within fourteen

(14) days of PFHOF’s receipt of the recommendation of the Advisory Board, such proposal shall be deemed rejected by PFHOF. In the event that a proposal is rejected (or deemed rejected) by PFHOF, PFHOF shall, upon request from the Village Media Company, provide a written explanation (with reasonable detail) outlining its reason for rejecting such proposal. Upon PFHOF’s approval with respect to any such proposal, the Village Media Company (and its Affiliates and permitted licensees) may Exploit the applicable PFHOF Work(s) so long as such Exploitation is in conformance with the proposal as approved by PFHOF (including any proposed sublicenses in accordance with Section 2.4). 3

2.4 The Village Media Company shall have the right to sublicense (a) the production and creation of the HOFV Works and (b) Exploitation of the PFHOF Works hereunder to any of its Affiliates; provided, that, Village Media Company shall (x) cause such sublicenses to comply with all terms and conditions of this Agreement and (y) not be relieved of any of its obligations under this Agreement as a result of any such sublicense, and will be primarily responsible for any acts or omissions of such sublicensees.

2.5 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, as between PFHOF (and its Affiliates), on the one hand, and the Village Media Company (and its Affiliates), on the other hand, PFHOF shall own and control all right, title, interest, and copyright in and to the PFHOF Works, including, without, limitation, any and all PFHOF Work(s) utilized by, or incorporated in, any HOFV Work and all of its constituent elements, which shall include, without limitation, all feeds recorded by or on behalf of PFHOF in connection with the production of such PFHOF Work, all event footage contained therein and all information and data concerning such PFHOF Work, and all derivatives of the foregoing (except for derivatives that constitute HOFV Works, which ownership shall be retained by the Village Media Company). The Village Media Company agrees, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates and their permitted sublicensees, that all uses by the Village Media Company or any of its Affiliates or their respective permitted sublicensees of the PFHOF Work shall inure to the benefit of PFHOF, and any right that may accrue to the Village Media Company, any of its Affiliates or any of their respective permitted sublicensees related thereto and any goodwill associated therewith are hereby granted and assigned to PFHOF or its designee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, to the extent any HOFV Work incorporates any HOFV trademarks, service marks, or trade dress (“HOFV Trademarks”), use of such HOFV Trademarks shall inure solely to HOFV’s benefit. The Village Media Company shall not, and shall cause its Affiliates and their respective permitted sublicensees not to, whether during the Term or thereafter, challenge (a) the rights of PFHOF in and to any PFHOF Work, (b) the validity of any PFHOF Work, (c) PFHOF’s right to grant rights or licenses relating to the PFHOF Works or

2.6 The Village Media Company acknowledges the existence of agreements in effect as of the Effective Date between PFHOF and certain licensees and/or licensors of PFHOF Works that may restrict or prohibit PFHOF from making certain PFHOF Works available for use or Exploitation under this Agreement, including, without limitation that certain agreement effective as of June 25, 2013 among NFL Enterprises LLC, PFHOF and PFHOF Enshrinees Events, Inc. d/b/a Pro Football Hall of Fame Enterprisers (the “NFLN Agreement”) (any and all such restrictions and prohibitions, collectively, “Rights Restrictions”) and that the Village Media Company’s rights under this Agreement shall subject and subordinate to any such Rights Restrictions for so long as such Rights Restrictions are in effect. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event that the Village Media Company is prohibited from pursing and launching an opportunity to create and Exploit an HOFV Work or use or Exploit an existing PFHOF Work pursuant to Sections 2.7, 2.8 or 2.9 as a result of a Rights Restriction under the terms of the NFLN Agreement, then the Parties shall negotiate in good faith a reasonable decrease in the Annual Guarantee for the calendar year in which such opportunity is unavailable. 4

2.7 PFHOF agrees not to grant licenses to create new PFHOF Works, except with respect to the categories identified on Exhibit A, to any third party during the Term without first offering to the Village Media Company the right of first refusal to create such PFHOF Works on equal terms, subject to any Rights Restrictions. If PFHOF desires to offer a license to any third party or if it receives any bona fide offer from a third party that it is willing to accept, it shall promptly communicate such offer, including the specific terms and business plan relating to such offer, to the Village Media Company and provide the Village Media Company with at least fourteen (14) days to exercise its right of first refusal. If the Village Media Company elects to exercise its right of first refusal, the terms of the offer shall apply, the applicable license shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Village Media Company shall pay to PFHOF a License Fee (as defined below) for such license in accordance with this Agreement. If the Village Media Company does not exercise its right of first refusal, PFHOF shall have the right to grant a license with respect to such third party on the same terms originally provided to the Village Media Company.

2.8 PFHOF agrees that during the Term, except with respect to the categories identified on Exhibit A, it will not create new PFHOF Works without first granting the Village Media Company a right of first offer to create such PFHOF Work, subject to any Rights Restrictions. If PFHOF desires to create new PFHOF Works, it shall present a proposed business plan in writing to the Village Media Company. The Village Media Company will have fourteen (14) days to review such business plan and elect to proceed under the business plan. If the Village Media Company elects proceed under the business plan, then creation of such PFHOF Work shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Village Media Company shall pay to PFHOF a License Fee in accordance with this Agreement for the license to create the PFHOF Work. If the Village Media Company does not make such an election, then PFHOF shall have the right to create such PFHOF Work itself.

2.9 PFHOF agrees that during the Term, except with respect to the categories identified on Exhibit A, if PFHOF desires to either exploit itself or license a third party to exploit an existing PFHOF Work, it shall first give the Village Media Company a right of first offer to exclusively license such PFHOF Work, subject to any Rights Restrictions. In such a case, PFHOF shall promptly notify the Village Media Company and provide the Village Media Company with any bona fide third party offer to license such PFHOF Work that PFHOF is willing to accept, including any specific terms and proposed business plan relating to such offer. The Parties shall then negotiate in good faith an agreement to exclusively license the particular PFHOF Work. If the Parties reach an agreement within thirty (30) days, then the applicable license shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Village Media Company shall pay to PFHOF a License Fee for such license in accordance with this Agreement. If the Parties cannot reach an agreement within thirty (30) days, then PFHOF shall have the right to exploit or license the PFHOF Work itself. 5

2.10 PFHOF represents and warrants to the Village Media Company that it is the exclusive owner of the PFHOF Works or has the right to grant the licenses and other rights granted to the Village Media Company hereunder, including the right to use the PFHOF Works as permitted herein and that, subject to any Rights Restriction in effect on the Effective Date, PFHOF has secured any necessary releases for any rights of publicity or privacy and can license such rights to the Village Media Company hereunder.

2.11 PFHOF agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless the Village Media Company, its Affiliates, and their respective employees, officers, directors, agents, representatives, and successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, suits, damages, costs (including, without limitation, costs of investigation), and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or relating to (a) the Village Media Company’s authorized use of the PFHOF Works, as permitted by, and in accordance with, the terms of this Agreement, (b) any breach by PFHOF of any warranty, representation, obligation, or agreement made under this Agreement, or (c) PFHOF’s use of the HOFV Works in breach of this Agreement, or any claim of infringement of any intellectual property right arising out of the misuse or misappropriation of the HOFV Works by PFHOF.

2.12 The Village Media Company represents and warrants to PFHOF that it is (a) a limited liability company organized and in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware and (b) a wholly-owned subsidiary of HOFV.

2.13 The Village Media Company agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless PFHOF, its Affiliates, and their respective employees, officers, directors, agents, representatives, and successors and assigns from and against any and all claims, demands, liabilities, losses, suits, damages, costs (including, without limitation, costs of investigation), and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to (a) the Village Media Company’s use of the PFHOF Works in breach of this Agreement, or any claim of infringement of any intellectual property right arising out of the misuse or misappropriation of the PFHOF Works,

(b) any breach by the Village Media Company (or its sublicensees, if applicable) of any warranty, representation, obligation, or agreement made under this Agreement, (c) the Exploitation of any of the rights granted pursuant to the terms of this Agreement by the Village Media Company, its Affiliates, licensees or sublicensees arising out of or relating to the Exploitation of any PFHOF Works or HOFV Works (unless such liability arises solely from use of the PFHOF Works by the Village Media Company in accordance with this Agreement), (d) PFHOF’s authorized use of any HOFV Works as permitted by, and in accordance with, the terms of this Agreement, (e) any advertising, promotion or other similar materials that are inserted into any Exploitation of any PFHOF Work or any HOFV Work (but excluding advertising or promotional announcements supplied by or on behalf of PFHOF and excluding any claims arising solely from use of the PFHOF Works by the Village Media Company in accordance with this Agreement)) or (f) any failure of the Village Media Company to comply with applicable laws in connection with the rights and performance of its obligations under this Agreement. 6

2.14 Except for Section 3.5, nothing in this Agreement shall be construed as limiting in any way the Village Media Company’s ability to seek and exploit separate rights from any third party.

3.1 The Chief Executive Officer of the Village Media Company (the “CEO”) shall be the Manager of the Village Media Company.

3.2 The Executive Producer of the Village Media Company (the “EP”) shall report to the CEO with input from the Chief Executive Officer of PFHOF. To the extent that the Village Media Company and PFHOF work collaboratively on media projects, the EP’s services on such projects for the benefit of PFHOF shall be charged to PFHOF at cost without markup. Performance objectives for the EP shall be determined by the CEO with input from the Advisory Board.

3.3 In consultation with the CEO, the EP shall annually prepare a staffing plan for the Village Media Company’s operations and present such plan to the Advisory Board for review. Staff employed by the Village Media Company may be used for projects solely for the benefit of PFHOF or for projects that are collaboratively undertaken by both the Village Media Company and PFHOF. The Advisory Board shall be informed to the extent Village Media Company staff are employed on projects solely for the benefit of PFHOF or on projects that are collaboratively undertaken by both the Village Media Company and PFHOF. In addition,

(a) PFHOF shall bear its proportionate share of the cost of such Village Media Company staff (at cost without markup) that work on such collaborative projects and, to the extent such staff work 100% on a PFHOF project, PFHOF shall bear all of the cost of such staff for such project (at cost without markup) and (b) the Village Media Company shall bear its proportionate share of the cost of PFHOF staff (at cost without markup) that work on such collaborative projects and, to the extent such staff work 100% on a Village Media Company project, the Village Media Company bear all of the cost of such staff for such project (at cost without markup). The EP shall ensure that, to the extent that PFHOF and the Village Media Company share staff, that such sharing will not impact the ability of PFHOF or the Village Media Company to meet their respective budget, creative goals, or sales/marketing goals for any year. 7

3.4 The Advisory Board shall meet regularly to facilitate the Village Media Company’s consideration of media-related opportunities contemplated hereunder and to review proposed projects, budgets, schedules, and creative concepts under consideration by the Village Media Company.

3.5 All communication with the National Football League (the “NFL”), its 32 Member Clubs, NFL Legends and Gold Jackets shall be made exclusively and directly through PFHOF. For the avoidance of doubt, PFHOF has the exclusive and sole relationship with the NFL, its 32 Member Clubs, NFL Legends and Gold Jackets for any and all PFHOF and HOFV activities; provided, however, that any communication relating to any investment by the NFL in any Village Media Company project, may be made directly through the President of PFHOF or the Chief Executive Officer of HOFV; and, provided further, that the Village Media Company shall have the right to present opportunities related to any of the above for approval by PFHOF.

4.1 Unless otherwise terminated as provided herein, the term of this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall terminate on December 31, 2034 (such period, including as may be extended in accordance with the subsequent sentence, the “Term”). Thereafter, the agreement shall automatically renew for successive five (5)-year terms, unless either Party gives written notice to the other Party of intent not to renew at least six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then-current Term. If either party elects not to renew the Agreement and the other party wishes to continue the Agreement, the Parties shall attempt in good faith to negotiate an amendment to the Agreement to renew the Term on such terms as may be negotiated by the Parties. Such good faith negotiation shall continue until both Parties agree to cease negotiations or until expiration of the Term.

4.2 After good faith consultation with the Advisory Board, either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time for an uncured material breach by the other Party, including the non-payment of the Annual Guarantee, license fees and staffing fees, provided that the non-breaching Party provides prior written notice to the breaching Party, specifying the alleged material breach, and further provided that the breaching Party shall have thirty (30) days after receipt of such notice to cure the material breach, to the reasonable satisfaction of the non-breaching Party; provided, further, that if such breach (other than a breach for non-payment) cannot be cured during such 30-day period, but the allegedly breaching Party has commenced and is continuing good faith efforts to cure such breach within such 30-day period, then the cure period shall be extended until the allegedly breaching Party has stopped making good faith efforts to cure such breach, such extension not to exceed ninety (90) days.

4.3 Either Party may terminate this Agreement immediately upon giving notice if the other Party ceases to conduct its operations in the normal course of business, including the inability to meet its obligations as they mature, or if any proceeding under the bankruptcy or insolvency laws is brought by or against the other Party, or a receiver or custodian is appointed or applied for by the other Party, or an assignment for the benefit of creditors or a transfer of all or substantially all of its property is made by the other Party. 8

4.4 In addition to and without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, if a Change of Control occurs at any time during the Term, PFHOF shall have the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon giving notice of such termination to the Village Media Company. For purposes of this Section 4.4, a “Change of Control” shall mean any transaction or series of related transactions that results in (including by way of merger or consolidation), or that is in connection with, the Village Media Company no longer being controlled (as defined in Section 1.2) by or under common control (as defined in Section 1.2) with HOFV.

4.5 In addition to and without limiting any other provision of this Agreement, in the event the Village Media Company or HOFV fails to pay the Annual Guarantee to PFHOF in accordance with Section 5.1 and such failure is not cured within thirty (30) days of notice thereof by PFHOF, then the rights of first offer granted to HOFV in Section 3.1 of the First Amended and Restated License Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2019 between PFHOF and HOFV (the “License Agreement”) shall automatically and immediately terminate, regardless of whether PFHOF elects not to terminate this Agreement in accordance Section 4.2.

4.6 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, this Agreement shall automatically and immediately terminate, without any further action or notice to any Party, upon termination of the License Agreement.

4.7 Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement as provided in this Section 4, the rights and obligations of the Parties under this Agreement shall be terminated, except as provided herein.

5.1 Subject to Section 2.6, the Village Media Company shall, or shall cause HOFV to, pay to PFHOF a minimum guarantee of one million two hundred and fifty thousand dollars ($1,250,000) (the “Annual Guarantee”) each year during the Term; provided that the Parties acknowledge and agree that after the first five (5) years of the Term, the Annual Guarantee shall increase by three percent (3%) on a year-over-year basis (e.g., the Annual Guarantee shall increase to $1,287,500 for year six (6) and to $1,326,125 for year seven (7)). The first Annual Guarantee payment shall be due and payable on the Effective Date and thereafter shall be payable to PFHOF on each twelve (12) month anniversary of the Closing Date during the Term. 9

5.2 In consideration of any license granted to the Village Media Company hereunder, the Village Media Company shall, or shall cause HOFV to, pay to PFHOF a license fee specific to the PFHOF Work(s) licensed by PFHOF hereunder (“License Fee”) pursuant to the rate for the applicable project or opportunity as will be mutually agreed between the Parties for each opportunity; provided that License Fees shall be debited first from the Annual Guarantee, which shall satisfy such License Fees due and payable hereunder until the aggregate amount of the License Fees due and payable during such calendar year exceeds the Annual Guarantee for such calendar year. For clarity, if for any calendar year during the Term, the amount of License Fees for such calendar is (x) less than the amount of the Annual Guarantee, the Village Media Company shall still be required to pay the Annual Guarantee for such calendar year or (y) more than the Annual Guarantee, the Village Media Company shall be required to pay all License Fees in excess of the Annual Guarantee for such calendar year. The Parties acknowledge and agree that two hundred twenty five thousand dollars ($225,000) (the “Youth Sports License Fee”) shall be credited against the Annual Guarantee on the Closing Date and each anniversary of the Closing Date during the Term for the license granted by PFHOF to Youth Sports Management, LLC (“Youth Sports”) pursuant to that certain branding license agreement to be entered into on the Effective Date between PFHOF and Youth Sports for so long as such agreement remains in effect; provided that after the first five (5) years of the Term, the Youth Sports License Fee shall increase by three percent (3%) on a year-over year basis and thereafter, the aggregate amount of the Youth Sports License Fee, after giving effect to such increase each year, shall be the amount credited against the Annual Guarantee.

6. FORCE MAJEURE In the event either Party is unable to comply fully with its obligations (other than payment obligations) under this Agreement due to an event beyond the control of the Party whose performance is affected, including any legal prohibition, court order, degree, regulation or requirement of any governmental entity having jurisdiction, strikes, catastrophe, drought, shortage of water or other action of the elements, temporary or permanent shutdown due to regulatory or other governmental actions, or Acts of God or any other matters beyond its control, such Party shall while so affected be relieved to the extent thus prevented from performing its obligations hereunder and such non-performance shall not, in and of itself, be deemed to be a breach of this Agreement; provided that, in such event, the non-performing Party takes all commercially reasonable measures to remove the disability and resume full performance hereunder at the earliest possible date.

(a) “Confidential Information” means all forms of confidential information, including technical information and business information, disclosed by one Party or its Affiliates (the “Disclosing Party”) to the other Party or its Affiliates (the “Receiving Party”) during the Term in connection with this Agreement, that is identified as confidential or is information that is of a nature that is customarily regarded as confidential, whether disclosed in electronic, tangible, oral or visual form; provided that oral or visual disclosures shall be deemed confidential only if they are confirmed as confidential in writing by the Disclosing Party prior to or at the time of disclosure or within thirty (30) days thereafter, or if the Receiving Party should reasonably know that such visual or oral disclosures are intended to be confidential. Confidential Information shall not include such information that: (i) as of the date of disclosure is known to the Receiving Party or its Affiliates, as shown by written documentation; (ii) was independently developed by the Receiving Party or its Affiliates without access to the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information; (iii) as of the date of disclosure is in, or subsequently enters, the public domain, through no fault of the Receiving Party; or (iv) as of the date of disclosure or thereafter is obtained from a third party free from any obligation of confidentiality to the Disclosing Party. 10

(b) Each Receiving Party agrees: (i) not to disclose, make public, or authorize any disclosure or publication of such Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party except as expressly permitted herein; (ii) to take reasonable measures to protect the confidentiality of the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information exercising the same degree of care to preserve and safeguard the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information as it uses to preserve and safeguard its own Confidential Information, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care; (iii) to restrict access to such Confidential Information to only those officers, directors, or employees of the Receiving Party or its Affiliates or representatives who have a need to know such Confidential Information and who are bound by confidentiality obligations at least as restrictive as those contained in this Agreement; and (iv) not to remove any confidential or proprietary markings or designations placed by the Disclosing Party on such Confidential Information. The Receiving Party and its Affiliates shall not use the Disclosing Party’s Confidential Information for any purpose except as permitted by this Agreement.

(c) The confidentiality obligations contained herein shall not apply to the extent that the Receiving Party is required to disclose the information by law, order, or regulation of a governmental agency or a court of competent jurisdiction; provided that, in each such case, the Receiving Party shall give written notice thereof to the Disclosing Party and sufficient opportunity to prevent or limit any such disclosure or to request confidential treatment thereof; and provided further, that the Receiving Party shall give reasonable assistance to the Disclosing Party to preserve the information as confidential.

(d) Upon termination of this Agreement, each Receiving Party shall return to the Disclosing Party (or at the Disclosing Party’s direction, destroy) all Confidential Information of the Disclosing Party that is in the possession, custody, or control of the Receiving Party. The Village Media Company shall be permitted to retain copies of PFHOF’s Confidential Information as necessary to allow the Village Media Company to exercise its post-termination rights with respect to such information. 11

(e) Each Party acknowledges that a breach or threatened breach of this Section 7.1 on its part shall result in irreparable and incalculable damages to the other Party. Therefore, in addition to any action by either Party for collection of damages resulting from the breach of this Agreement, such Party shall also be entitled to immediate injunctive relief, restraining the other Party from continued or threatened breach of this Agreement. Each Party further agrees that, upon a finding of a breach of the terms of this Agreement on its part, such Party shall pay to the other Party the costs and expenses, including attorneys’ fees, which the other Party incurs in enforcing the terms of this Agreement.

7.2 Notices. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement will be in writing and delivered as follows with notice deemed given as indicated: (i) by personal delivery when delivered personally; (ii) by overnight courier upon written verification of receipt; (iii) by telecopy or facsimile transmission upon acknowledgement of receipt of electronic transmission; or (iv) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, upon verification of receipt. Notice will be sent to the appropriate address set forth below or such other address as to which the Parties have been notified hereunder.

7.3 Compliance with Laws and Regulations. Each of the Village Media Company and PFHOF, as applicable, agrees to be in material compliance with all federal, state, and local laws, ordinances, and regulations applicable to its respective operations and to obtain and maintain all licenses and permits required by law necessary for each of their respective operations.

(a) This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Ohio (without regard to conflicts of law provisions), as such laws are applied to agreements entered into and to be performed entirely within the State of Ohio between Ohio residents.

(b) Any dispute between the Parties concerning the scope or interpretation of this Agreement shall be submitted to binding arbitration in accordance with the Rules of Commercial Arbitration of the American Arbitration Association in effect on the date that a dispute is submitted to arbitration (the “Rules”). The arbitration shall be held in Canton, Ohio, and shall be before a panel of three arbitrators, one chosen by each of the Parties and a third chosen by the two arbitrators so chosen by the Parties. Not less than fifteen (15) days prior to the arbitration, each Party shall submit to the other the documents and a list of witnesses it intends to interview or call in the arbitration. The arbitrators shall apply the substantive law of the State of Ohio with regard to any dispute that becomes the subject of arbitration, and the arbitrators will be so instructed. The arbitrators shall issue a written opinion stating the findings of fact and the conclusions of law upon which the decision is based. The decision of the arbitrators shall be final and binding. 12

(c) In any action, suit, proceeding, claim, or counterclaim brought to enforce this Agreement or any of its provisions, the Party that prevails in any such action, suit, proceeding, claim, or counterclaim (the “Prevailing Party”) shall recover its costs, fees, and expenses, including, but not limited to, the reasonable costs, fees, and expenses of attorneys and outside experts (collectively, “Expenses”), from the other Party (the “Non-Prevailing Party”), and the court or arbitration panel shall be so instructed to determine which Party is the Prevailing Party, to grant the recovery of the Expenses incurred by the Prevailing Party, and to order the Non-Prevailing Party to pay the Expenses of the Prevailing Party.

7.5 Assignment. The Village Media Company shall not, directly or indirectly, assign, sublicense or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of PFHOF. The transfer of ownership of the Village Media Company pursuant to the Merger Agreement shall not require the consent of PFHOF.

7.6 Severability. Should any provision of this Agreement be held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be illegal, invalid, or unenforceable, the legality, validity, and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement will not be affected or impaired thereby.

7.7 Waiver. The waiver by either Party of a breach of any provision of this Agreement by the other Party will not operate or be construed as a waiver of any other or subsequent breach by such other Party.

7.8 Authority. Each Party warrants and represents that such Party’s execution and delivery of this Agreement has been duly authorized by proper corporate or limited liability company action and that this Agreement is a binding obligation of such Party enforceable in accordance with its terms.

7.9 Independent Contracting Parties. The Parties are independent contracting parties and nothing in this Agreement shall make either Party the agent or legal representative of the other for any purpose whatsoever, nor does it grant either Party the authority to assume or create any obligation on behalf of or in the name of the other. Furthermore, the Parties shall remain separate and independent contracting parties and nothing in this Agreement shall make either Party subject to a joint venture agreement or other mutual arrangement between the Parties.

7.10 Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties relating to this subject matter and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous oral or written agreements concerning such subject matter, including the Original License Agreement. This Agreement may be changed only by mutual agreement of the Parties in writing.

7.11 Merger Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, in the event that the Closing (as such term is defined in the Merger Agreement) does not occur, this Agreement shall be terminated and the provisions herein shall have no force or effect. [signature page follows] 13

C. David Baker President Date: Address: 2121 George Halas Drive NW Canton, Ohio 44708

By: Name: Title: Date: Address: 1826 Clearview Avenue NW Canton, Ohio 44708 [Media License Agreement] Source: GPAQ ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, INC., S-4/A, 1/23/2020 For the purpose of acknowledging and agreeing to the terms set forth in Section 4.5:

By: Name: Title: Date: Address: 1826 Clearview Avenue NW Canton, Ohio 44708 [Media License Agreement] Source: GPAQ ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, INC., S-4/A, 1/23/2020 Exhibit A Excluded Categories and Properties

1. Any PFHOF Works in, or Exploited in connection with, the following Categories: · Health Care · Museums · Education · Sports Betting

2. Any programming or content created or Exploited in support and furtherance of the PFHOF’s mission.

3. The following television properties that are subject to perpetual rights and existing and future media deals (including any extensions, renewals or similar agreement in connection any existing agreement): Properties and rights subject to agreements with NFL Enterprises LLC (“NFLN”) and ESPN, Inc. (“ESPN”) through September 1st 2021 (and any extension, renewal or similar agreement relating thereto). · Enshrinement Ceremonies · Other Enshrinement Events reserved for NFLN o Gold Jacket Show one hour (2019 - 2 hours co-copyright NFLN PFHOF) o Five One Hour Gold Jacket Contender Shows from September to February around the Enshrinement Selection Process For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Agreement shall grant Village Media Company or its Affiliates the right or license to (i) any live (or near live) rights to Exploit any events or other content owned or controlled by PFHOF (e.g., Enshrinement Ceremonies), or (ii) any programming or content in connection with or related to any Enshrinement Ceremony or the Enshrinement selection process (e.g., selection meetings, voting, debates or discussions prior to or during any selection meeting, presenter speeches, discussions or events immediately after Enshrinement Ceremonies, etc.).

4. Any content or properties utilizing the following trademarks: · Knock on the Door (Trademarked sold to social media company) · Hometown Hall of Famer (Trademarked sold to sponsors) Exhibit A-1 Source: GPAQ ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, INC., S-4/A, 1/23/2020

5. The following movies: · Jim and Jill Kelly Movie

6. The autobiographical or biographical works related to the following players with video rights: · Michael Strahan · John Madden · Troy Aikman

7. The following television show concepts: · Hall of Fame City · Documentary One Years One Hundred Yards of Character · Strong Youth Strong Communities · Centennial Spectacular · Centennial Gala

8. Any digital live streaming rights, including without limitation, of the following properties: · State of the Hall · Super Bowl Luncheon · Salute to Greatness · Inspiration Project · The Mission · Heart of the Hall of Famer

9. Any licenses or sponsorships of video games granted to EA Sports (or its successor) with respect to Madden NFL or any other EA Sports football game. Exhibit A-2 Source: GPAQ ACQUISITION HOLDINGS, INC., S-4/A, 1/23/2020

This TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT ("Agreement"), is entered into as of September ___, 2019 ("Effective Date"), by and between HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, having a principal place of business at 21860 Burbank Blvd., Suite 300 South, Woodland Hills, CA 91367 ("Licensor"), and HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC., a Maryland corporation, having a principal place of business at 21860 Burbank Blvd., Suite 300 South, Woodland Hills, CA 91367 ("Licensee" and together with Licensor, the "Parties"), and the Parties agree as follows:

1.1 Licensor has adopted, is using, and is the owner of all right, title, and interest in the Licensed Mark (as defined in Article 1.6) in the United States for financial services.

1.2 Licensee is a real estate investment trust managed by Hertz Group REIT Advisor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the "Advisor"), an affiliate of Licensor.

1.3 Licensee desires to use the Licensed Mark as part of, and in conjunction with, the trade name Hertz Group Realty Trust, Inc.

1.4 Licensor desires to license the Licensed Mark to Licensee to be used as part of, and in conjunction with, the trade name Hertz Group Realty Trust, Inc., subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement.

1.5 "Control" means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a person or entity, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

1.6 "Licensed Mark" means the stylized mark "H", as depicted in the USPTO Registration No. 5,283,875, attached hereto as Exhibit "A" and made a part hereof.

1.7 "Licensed Trade Name" means the corporate name Hertz Group Realty Trust, Inc. and any variation thereof including the term Hertz Group that is used by Licensed Users.

1.8 "Licensed User" and "Licensed Users" means Licensee and Licensee's subsidiaries.

2.1 Licensor hereby grants Licensed Users a nonexclusive, nontransferable, nonsublicensable, royalty-free license, during the term of this Agreement, to use and display the Licensed Trade Name and the Licensed Mark in the United States solely in connection with the Licensee's corporate name and identifying mark.

LICENSEOR: HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 1 TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT LICENSEE: HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC.

2.2 The Licensed Mark shall remain the exclusive property of Licensor and nothing in this Agreement shall give Licensed Users any right or interest in the Licensed Mark except the licenses expressly granted in this Agreement.

2.3 All of Licensor's rights in and to the Licensed Mark, including, but not limited to, the right to use and to grant others the right to use the Licensed Mark, are reserved by Licensor.

2.4 No license, right, or immunity is granted by either Party to the other, either expressly or by implication, or by estoppel, or otherwise with respect to any trademarks, copyrights, or trade dress, or other property right, other than with respect to the Licensed Trade Name and the Licensed Mark in accordance with Article 2.1 of this Agreement.

2.5 All use of the Licensed Mark by Licensed Users, and all goodwill associated with such use, shall inure to the benefit of Licensor.

2.6 Licensed Users acknowledge that Licensor is the sole owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Mark, and that Licensed Users have not acquired, and shall not acquire, any right, title or interest in or to the Licensed Mark except the right to use the Licensed Mark in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

2.7 Licensed Users shall not register the Licensed Mark in any jurisdiction without Licensor's express prior written consent, and Licensor shall retain the exclusive right to apply for and obtain registrations for the Licensed Mark throughout the world.

2.8 Licensed Users shall not challenge the validity of the Licensed Mark, nor shall Licensed Users challenge Licensor's ownership of the Licensed Mark or the enforceability of Licensor's rights therein.

2.9 Licensed Users shall use the Licensed Mark in a form which is in accordance with sound trademark practice so as not to weaken the value of the Licensed Mark. Licensed Users shall use the Licensed Mark in a manner that does not derogate, based on an objective business standard, Licensor's rights in the Licensed Mark or the value of the Licensed Mark, and shall take no action that would, based on an objective standard, interfere with, diminish or tarnish those rights or value.

2.10 Licensed Users agree to cooperate with Licensor's preparation and filing of any applications, renewals or other documentation necessary or useful to protect and/or enforce Licensor's intellectual property rights in the Licensed Mark.

10.1 Licensed Users shall notify Licensor promptly of any actual or threatened infringements, imitations or unauthorized uses of the Licensed Mark of which Licensed Users become aware.

10.2 Licensor shall have the sole right, though it is under no obligation, to bring any action for any past, present and future infringements of its intellectual property rights in the Licensed Mark.

10.3 Licensed Users shall cooperate with Licensor, at Licensor's expense for any out-of-pocket costs incurred by Licensed Users, in any efforts by Licensor to enforce its rights in the Licensed Mark or to prosecute third party infringers of the Licensed Mark.

10.4 Licensor shall be entitled to retain any and all damages and other monies awarded or otherwise paid in connection with any such action.

LICENSEOR: HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 2 TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT LICENSEE: HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC.

3.1 Either Party may terminate this Agreement by giving the other Party thirty (30) days' prior written notice.

3.2 This Agreement and all rights and licenses granted under this Agreement shall terminate as soon as practicable, but no longer than thirty (30) days, after:

2.2 Licensor or any affiliate of Licensor ceases to manage Licensee.

3.3 Upon termination of this Agreement, Licensed Users shall immediately cease use of the Licensed Trade Name and Licensed Mark as soon as practicable, but no longer than thirty (30) days, after termination.

4.1 Indemnification. Licensed Users, at Licensed Users' own expense, shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Licensor, its affiliates, successors and assigns, and its and their directors, officers, employees and agents, against any claim, demand, cause of action, debt, expense or liability (including attorneys' fees and costs), to the extent that the foregoing (a) is based on a claim resulting solely from any service provided or offered by Licensed Users, (b) results from a material breach, or is based on a claim that, if true, would be a material breach, of this Agreement by Licensed Users, or (c) is based upon Licensed Users' unauthorized or improper use of the Licensed Mark.

4.2 LIMITATION OF WARRANTY AND LIABILITY. LICENSOR DOES NOT MAKE WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS, IMPLIED, RELATED TO OR ARISING OUT OF THE LICENSED MARK OR THIS AGREEMENT.

2.1 LICENSOR SPECIFICALLY DISCLAIMS ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT AND TITLE, AND ALL OTHER WARRANTIES THAT MAY OTHERWISE ARISE FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OF TRADE OR CUSTOM.

2.2 IN NO EVENT SHALL LICENSOR OR ANY OF ITS DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, LICENSORS, SUPPLIERS OR

DAMAGES. The foregoing limitation of liability and exclusion of certain damages shall apply regardless of the failure of essential purpose of any remedies available to either party.

LICENSEOR: HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 3 TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT LICENSEE: HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC.

4.3 Non-Transferable Agreement. Licensed Users may not assign this Agreement and/or any rights and/or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of Licensor and any such attempted assignment shall be void.

4.4 Remedies. Licensed Users acknowledge that a material breach of Licensed Users' obligations under this Agreement would cause Licensor irreparable damage. Accordingly, Licensed Users agree that in the event of such breach or threatened breach, in addition to remedies at law, Licensor shall have the right to enjoin Licensed Users from the unlawful and/or unauthorized use of the Licensed Trade Name and/or the Licensed Mark and other equitable relief to protect Licensor's rights in the Licensed Mark.

4.5 Integration. This Agreement contains the entire agreement of the Parties. No promise, inducement, representation or agreement, other than as expressly set forth herein, has been made to or by the Parties hereto. All prior agreements and understandings related to the subject matter hereof, whether written or oral, are expressly superseded hereby and are of no further force or effect.

4.6 Binding Agreement. This Agreement shall be binding upon the Parties' permitted assigns and successors and references to each Party shall include such assigns and successors.

4.7 Amendment. This Agreement cannot be altered, amended or modified in any respect, except by a writing duly signed by both Parties.

4.8 No Strict Construction. The normal rule of construction to the effect that any ambiguities are to be resolved against the drafting Party shall not be employed in the interpretation of this Agreement. Headings are for reference and shall not affect the meaning of any of the provisions of this Agreement.

4.9 Waiver. At no time shall any failure or delay by either party in enforcing any provisions, exercising any option, or requiring performance of any provisions, be construed to be a waiver of same.

4.10 Governing Law and Jurisdiction. The provisions of this Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of California (excluding any conflict of law rule or principle that would refer to the laws of another jurisdiction). Each Party hereto irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in California, in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement, and each Party hereby irrevocably agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding must be brought and/or defended in any such court; provided, however, that matters which are under the exclusive jurisdiction of the federal courts shall be brought in the Federal District Court for the Central District of California. Each Party hereto consents to service of process by any means authorized by the applicable law of the forum in any action brought under or arising out of this Agreement, and each Party irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent each may effectively do so, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court.

LICENSEOR: HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 4 TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT LICENSEE: HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC.

4.11 Attorney's Fees. In the event any suit or other legal proceeding is brought for the enforcement of any of the provisions of this Agreement, the Parties hereto agree that the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover from the other party upon final judgment on the merits reasonable attorneys' fees (and sales taxes thereon, if any), including attorneys' fees for any appeal, and costs incurred in bringing such suit or proceeding.

4.12 Relationship of the Parties. Nothing in this Agreement will be construed as creating a joint venture, partnership, or employment relationship between Licensor and Licensee or any of Licensee's subsidiaries. Neither Party will have the right, power or implied authority to create any obligation or duty on behalf of the other Party.

4.13 Notices. Unless otherwise specified in this Agreement, all notices shall be in writing and delivered personally, mailed, first class mail, postage prepaid, or delivered by confirmed electronic or digital means, to the addresses set forth at the beginning of this Agreement and to the attention of the undersigned. Either Party may change the addresses or addressees for notice by giving notice to the other. All notices shall be deemed given on the date personally delivered, when placed in the mail as specified or when electronic or digital confirmation is received.

4.14 Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, by manual or facsimile signature, each of which will be deemed an original and all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. [Signatures on following page]

LICENSEOR: HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC 5 TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT LICENSEE: HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC.

HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC. a Delaware limited liability company a Maryland corporation (Signature) (Signature) John D. Forbess, Executive VP/Secretary John D. Forbess, Executive VP/Secretary LICENSEOR: HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC Signature Page TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT LICENSEE: HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC.

LICENSEOR: HERTZ INVESTMENT GROUP, LLC Exhibit "A" TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT LICENSEE: HERTZ GROUP REALTY TRUST, INC.

THIS CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of ___________, 2015 (the “Effective Date”), is entered into between Beijing Sun Seven Stars Culture Development Limited, a P.R.C. company with an address at Eastern Fangzheng Road, Southern Dongying Village, Hancunhe Town, Fangshan District, Beijing City, P.R.C. (“Licensor”), and YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation with an address at 375 Greenwich Street, Suite 516, New York, New York 10013 (“Licensee”). WHEREAS, Licensor and Licensee have agreed to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which Licensor shall license to Licensee certain video programming on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises and covenants herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and incorporating the above recitals with and into this Agreement, the parties hereby agree as follows:

(a) “Additional Title” shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.

(b) “Advertising” shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.

(c) “Affiliate(s)” shall mean an entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with a party. "Control," for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.

(d) “Confidential Information” shall have the meaning specified in Section 14(a).

(e) “Indemnified Party” shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.

(f) “Indemnifying Party” shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.

(g) “Licensor Marks” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.

(h) “Materials” shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(b).

(i) “Mobile Sites” shall mean any and all versions of the Licensee Sites optimized for delivery and/or distribution via a wireless network.

(j) “Reports” shall have the meaning specified in Section 8(b).

(k) “Share Consideration” has the meaning specified in Section 10.

(l) “Sites” shall mean any and all websites, applications, products and other services through which Licensee (itself or through a third party) delivers content via the public Internet or an IP-based network, regardless of whether the device used to access such websites, applications, products or other services is a laptop or desktop computer, mobile device, tablet, mobile phone, set-top box, or other device.

(m) “Term” shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.

(o) “Titles” shall mean the programming listed on Schedule A (as Schedule A may be amended in accordance with Section 5 from time to time).

(q) “VOD” shall mean a system that allows for the exhibition of video programming chosen by a subscriber for display on that subscriber’s video display unit on an on-demand basis, such that a subscriber is able, at his or her discretion, to select the time for commencement of exhibition, and shall include subscription VOD (“SVOD”), transactional VOD (“TVOD”), ad-supported VOD (“AVOD”) and free VOD.

(a) License Grant. In exchange for the Share Consideration, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual and non-perpetual license (subject to the duration for which Licensor has the rights to each Title as specified in Schedule A1-A5 of Schedule A) to:

i. license, exhibit, distribute, reproduce, transmit, perform, display, and otherwise exploit and make available each Title within the Territory in any language by VOD (including SVOD, TVOD, AVOD and free VOD) for Internet, TV and mobile platforms (including, but not limited to, OTT streaming services, Sites and Mobile Sites), except that for Titles listed in Schedule A1-A2 of Schedule A, Licensor can only grant Licensee distribution rights to up to six (6) MSOs plus two (2) of China’s Internet TV license holders or their OTT Internet- based video partners by VOD (including SVOD, TVOD, AVOD and free VOD). China’s current Internet TV license holders include: CNTV (中国网络电视台/未来电视), BesTV (百视通), Wasu (华数), Southern Media Cooperation (南方传媒), Hunan TV (芒果TV), China National Radio/Galaxy Internet TV (GITV) (银河电视), and China Radio International (中国国际广播电台).

ii. copy and dub the Titles, and authorize any person to do the foregoing. Licensee shall also have the right to make (or have made on its behalf) translations of the Titles.

iii. promote each Title in any manner or media, including, without limitation, the right to use and license others to use Licensor’s name, the title of, trailers created for and excerpts from such Title (including but not limited to audio portions only), Materials and the name, voice and likeness of and any biographical material concerning all persons appearing in or connected with such Title for the purpose of advertising, promoting and/or publicizing such Title, Licensee and the program service on which the Title is exhibited;

iv. use the Titles for (i) audience and marketing testing, (ii) sponsor/advertiser screening, and (iii) reference and file purposes; and

v. include Licensee’s name, trademark and logo in the Titles to identify Licensee as the exhibitor of the Titles.

(b) Sublicensing. Licensee shall have the right to assign or sublicense any or all of its rights granted under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to third parties exhibiting the Titles in the ordinary course of Licensee’s business with prior written notice to Licensor. Except as otherwise specified in the previous sentence, Licensee may not sublicense any of its rights under Section 2(a) without Licensor’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

(c) Display of Titles. Licensee agrees to display the Titles without material alteration to the content thereof. Licensee may modify or edit the format of the Titles for technical purposes. Nothing in this Agreement prevents Licensee from providing Users with the ability to use the Titles as permitted by law or in a manner for which a license is not required.

(d) Removal of Titles. If Licensee receives written notice from Licensor that Licensor no longer has the rights to provide a Title to Licensee, Licensee shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remove such Title from Licensee’s services. Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate Licensee to distribute, exhibit or otherwise use any Title. In addition, should Licensee deem any aspect of any Title as either inappropriate or otherwise objectionable or undesirable (whether for editorial, legal, business or other reasons), Licensee reserves the right, but does not assume the obligation, to discontinue distribution of such Title, without liability and without limiting any rights or remedies to which Licensee may be entitled, whether under this Agreement, at law, or in equity.

(e) Profit Participation. For content listed in Schedule A6 of Schedule A, Licensor will only grant Licensee certain profit participation rights, for certain durations, as detailed and set forth in Schedule A6 of Schedule A. Licensee will not have distribution rights or any other rights to the content in Schedule A6 of Schedule A under Section 2(a)-(d). If for any reason the A6 projects do not get produced, SSS will

3 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 8-K, 11/24/2015 substitute comparable projects, to be mutually approved." [PRIOR TO EXECUTION OF THIS AGREEMENT, THE PARTIES WILL AGREE UPON APPROPRIATE LANGUAGE AND PROVISONS FOR THE PAYMENT OF PROFIT INTEREST, AUDIT RIGHTSS AND DISPUTE PROVISIONS.]

3. Licenses and Clearances. Licensor shall be solely responsible for the Titles and any and all legal liability resulting from the Titles, excluding any legal liability caused by Licensee’s breach of this Agreement or gross negligence with regards to the Titles. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Licensor shall be solely responsible for any and all royalties and other fees payable to any applicable licensor(s) or any third party for distribution of the Titles by Licensee (including, without limitation, residuals and clearances or other payments to guilds or unions and rights for music clearances, such as performance rights, synchronization rights and mechanical rights), and all other fees, payments and obligations arising out of the activities contemplated by this Agreement, and Licensee shall have no responsibility or liability for any such royalties or fees. Licensor acknowledges that Licensee cannot and does not undertake to review, and shall not be responsible for Users’ unauthorized use or exploitation of, the Titles. Should Licensee become aware of Users’ unauthorized use or exploitation of the Titles, Licensee shall immediately report such use to Licensor.

(a) Within fifteen (15) days after the Effective Date or on December 31, 2015 (whichever is earlier), Licensor shall (at Licensor’s sole expense), make the Titles available either online or by hard drive to Licensee or the third-party vendor specified by Licensee to provide or deliver the Titles from Licensee’s or its third-party vendor’s facilities. Delivery of the Titles shall be deemed complete if Licensor makes the Titles available in accordance with the previous sentence. If, from time to time, Licensee requests an alternate delivery method for the Titles and/or the implementation of Licensee’s technical specifications relating to the online delivery of the Titles, then Licensor will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with each such request.

(b) When Licensor delivers each Title to Licensee, Licensor shall provide Licensee (at the place specified by Licensee) with all available promotional materials for such Title, including, but not limited to, captioned photographs, brochures, a synopsis and description of such Title, a complete list of cast and credits, biographies of key performers, and any electronic press kits, trailers or featurettes created for such Title (collectively, the “Materials”).

(c) In the event of technical problems with any of the Titles, each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the other and to remedy any such problems in a timely manner.

(d) Licensor will provide Licensee with reasonable assistance in responding to User inquiries regarding the Titles.

5. Additional Titles. If, during the Term, Licensor develops or obtains the rights to license any live action or animated feature-length motion picture (each an “Additional Title”), Licensor shall give Licensee the first right of negotiation for each Additional Title (i.e., the preferred vendor). Licensor will promptly provide written notice to Licensee in which Licensor lists each Additional Title. Should Licensee agree to be the vendor for an Additional Title, Licensor and Licensee will negotiate in good faith to mutually agree upon the pricing and terms for each Additional Title in an amendment to this Agreement. Licensor will deliver each Additional Title in accordance with Section 4(a). Unless otherwise expressly stated in such an amendment, each Additional Title listed in such an amendment will be deemed a “Title” and Schedule A will be deemed amended to include such Additional Title.

6. Expansion of Licensee’s VOD Services. Licensor will use its partners and media channels to expand distribution of Licensee’s VOD services to more cable MSOs and all other platforms for which Licensee is permitted to distribute the Titles under Section 2(a)(i).

(a) The Term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b).

(b) This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party, effective immediately upon written notice, if the other party: (i) becomes insolvent; (ii) files a petition in bankruptcy; or (iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice if the other party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after the date that it receives written notice of such breach from the non-breaching party.

(c) Sections 2(a), 2(b), 2(c), 2(d), 3, and 11 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: (i) in perpetuity with respect to Titles for which the licenses granted in Section 2(a) are perpetual; and (ii) for the duration of the applicable license term specified in Schedule A with respect to Titles for which the license term specified in Schedule A extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Sections 1, 7, 8(a), 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement in perpetuity.

(a) All User information (including, without limitation, any personally identifiable information and statistical information regarding Users’ use and viewing of the Titles) generated, collected or created in connection with the display of the Titles through Licensee’s services shall be considered Confidential Information of Licensee, and all right, title and interest in and to such information shall be owned by Licensee.

(b) Licensee will provide Licensor with reports (“Reports”) containing statistical information collected by Licensee on (i) Users’ use of the Titles, (ii) distribution channels used by Licensee for the distribution of the Titles, (iii) sub-licensees to which the Titles were sub-distributed by Licensee and (if permitted under Licensee’s agreements with the sublicensees) any relevant reports received by Licensee from those sublicensees, and (iv) any other information that the Licensor may request Licensee to gather from time to time, subject to mutual approval. The Reports will be delivered in a format that is mutually agreed upon by the parties. The Reports and all information contained in the Reports shall be considered Confidential Information of Licensee, and all right, title and interest in and to such Reports and information shall be owned by Licensee.

9. Advertising. The parties acknowledge and agree that Licensee’s services may contain advertising, promotions and/or sponsorship material (collectively, “Advertising”). Such Advertising shall be determined by Licensee in its sole discretion and Licensee shall be entitled to retain all revenues resulting from the sale of Advertising.

10. Consideration. No royalty or fees of any kind shall be owed by Licensee under this Agreement. The consideration for the licenses granted by Licensor to Licensee under this Agreement is the issuance of the IP Common Shares as defined in the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of November 23, 2015, by and among the Licensee and the Licensor (the “Share Consideration”).

11. Use of Licensor Marks. Licensor hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive license to use the logos, trademarks and service marks used by Licensor to identify the Titles (collectively, “Licensor Marks”) in connection with the use of the Titles as set forth in this Agreement. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that Licensee’s use of the Licensor Marks shall inure to the benefit of Licensor. Should Licensor find objectionable any use of the Licensor Marks by Licensee, Licensor shall have the right to revoke, with respect to the objectionable use, the rights granted to Licensee under this Agreement to use the Licensor Marks, and Licensee shall promptly cease using the Licensor Marks in the manner found objectionable by Licensor.

i. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Licensor and this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of Licensor enforceable against Licensor in accordance with its terms;

ii. It will not take or authorize any action, or fail to take any action, by which any of the rights in any Title granted herein may be impaired in any way;

iii. It has all rights and authority necessary to fully perform its obligations and grant the rights granted under this Agreement and all rights in and to the Titles and in and to all literary, artistic, dramatic, intellectual property and musical material included therein required for the exercise of rights granted in this Agreement without liability of any kind to any third party; provided however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to non-dramatic performing rights in music to the extent that they are controlled by SESAC, ASCAP or BMI or to the extent that such music is in the public domain;

iv. Each Title is and will be protected during the Term by copyright throughout the Territory;

v. There are no taxes, charges, fees, royalties or other amounts owed to any party other than as set forth in this Agreement for the exercise of rights granted in this Agreement and Licensor has paid or will pay all charges, taxes, license fees and other amounts that have been or may become owed in connection with the Titles or the exercise of any rights granted under this Agreement;

vi. Licensor shall make all payments which may become due to any union or guild and to any third parties who rendered services in connection with the production of the Titles by virtue of the use made of the Titles hereunder;

vii. No claim or litigation is pending or threatened and no lien, charge, restriction or encumbrance is in existence with respect to any Title that would adversely affect or impair any of the rights granted under this Agreement;

viii. The Titles, Materials and Licensor Marks will not violate or infringe any common law or statutory right of any person or other entity including, without limitation, any contractual rights, proprietary rights, trademark, service mark, copyright or patent rights, or any rights of privacy or publicity;

ix. The Titles, Materials and the Licensor Marks will not be unlawful, slanderous or libelous; and

x. To the extent that any Title makes any claims or renders any instruction or advice, such claim, instruction or advice shall comply with all federal, state and

7 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 8-K, 11/24/2015 other applicable laws and regulations and shall cause no harm to any person or entity following or acting in accordance with such instruction or advice.

i. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Licensee and this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of Licensee enforceable against Licensee in accordance with its terms;

ii. It will use the Titles solely as permitted under this Agreement;

iii. It has the full right, capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of its obligations hereunder; and

iv. As of the Effective Date, there is no claim, action, suit, investigation or proceeding relating to or affecting Licensee pending or threatened, in law or in equity, or any other circumstance which might adversely affect Licensee’s ability to perform all of its obligations hereunder.

13. Indemnification. Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold the other party and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns, licensees and distributors harmless from and against any and all judgments, settlements, damages, penalties, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of any third party claims relating to the Indemnifying Party’s breach or alleged breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations hereunder. The party seeking indemnification (the “Indemnified Party”) will give prompt notice to the indemnifying party (the “Indemnifying Party”) of any claim for which the Indemnified Party seeks indemnification under this Agreement; provided, however, that failure to give prompt notice will not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any liability hereunder (except to the extent the Indemnifying Party has suffered actual material prejudice by such failure). The Indemnified Party will reasonably cooperate (at the Indemnifying Party’s expense) in the defense of any claim for which the Indemnified Party seeks indemnification under this Section 13. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in (but not control) any such action, but the fees and expenses of such counsel will be at the expense of the Indemnified Party unless: (i) the employment of counsel by the Indemnified Party has been authorized by the Indemnifying Party; (ii) the Indemnified Party has been advised by its counsel in writing that there is a conflict of interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party in the conduct of the defense of the action (in which case the Indemnifying Party will not have the right to direct the defense of the action on behalf of the Indemnified Party); or (iii) the Indemnifying Party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of the action within a reasonable time following receipt of the notice given pursuant to this Section 13, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of such counsel will be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party. The Indemnifying Party 8 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 8-K, 11/24/2015 will not be liable for any settlement of an action effected without its written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), nor will the Indemnifying Party settle any such action without the written consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Indemnifying Party will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to the Indemnified Party a release from all liability with respect to the claim.

(a) Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means all non-public information about the disclosing party’s business or activities that is marked or designated by such party as “confidential” or “proprietary” at the time of disclosure or that reasonably would be understood to be confidential given the circumstances of disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is in or enters the public domain without breach of this Agreement; (b) the receiving party lawfully receives from a third party without restriction on disclosure and without breach of a nondisclosure obligation; (c) the receiving party rightfully knew prior to receiving such information from the disclosing party; or (d) the receiving party develops entirely independently of, and without any access or reference to or use of, any Confidential Information communicated to the receiving party by the disclosing party.

(b) Restrictions. Each party agrees that, during the Term and for two (2) years thereafter: (i) it will not disclose to any third party any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party except as expressly permitted in this Agreement; (ii) it will only permit access to Confidential Information of the disclosing party to those of its employees or authorized representatives or advisors (including, without limitation, the receiving party’s auditors, accountants, and attorneys) having a need to know and who, prior to obtaining such access, are legally bound to protect the disclosing party’s Confidential Information at least to the same extent as set forth herein; (iii) it will use any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party only for the purpose of performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement and not for any other purpose, whether for such party’s own benefit or the benefit of any third party; (iv) it will maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control; and (v) that (x) upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, or (y) at any time the disclosing party may so request, it will deliver promptly to the disclosing party, or, at the disclosing party’s option, it will destroy, all Confidential Information of the disclosing party that it may then possess or have under its control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may disclose Confidential Information of the other party to the extent required by a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law, provided that such party will, as soon as reasonably practicable, provide the disclosing party with written notice of such requirement so that the disclosing

9 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 8-K, 11/24/2015 party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy. The receiving party and its representatives will cooperate fully with the disclosing party to obtain any such protective order or other remedy. If the disclosing party elects not to seek, or is unsuccessful in obtaining, any such protective order or similar remedy and if the receiving party receives advice from reputable legal counsel confirming that the disclosure of Confidential Information is required pursuant to applicable law, then the receiving party may disclose such Confidential Information to the extent required; provided, however, that the receiving party will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such Confidential Information is treated confidentially by each party to which it is disclosed.

15. Disclaimers. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN SECTION 12, THE PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, CONCERNING THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT.

16. Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR THE ABOVE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS AND FOR BREACHES OF SECTION 14, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE

AGREEMENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS), WHETHER IN AN ACTION OR ARISING OUT OF BREACH OF

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.

(b) Dispute Resolution. Any dispute, controversy and/or difference which may arise out of or in connection with or in relation to this Agreement, shall be solely and finally settled by binding arbitration pursuant to then-current rules of the International Chamber of Commerce. Such arbitration shall be held in New York, New York. The merits of the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its choice of law rules. The tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators, each of whom shall be knowledgeable in the subject matter hereof. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language, and all documents shall be submitted in English or be accompanied by a certified English translation. The arbitrators will provide a written explanation to the parties of any arbitration award. The award thereof shall be final and binding upon the parties hereto, and judgment on such award may be entered in any court or tribunal having jurisdiction, and the parties hereby irrevocably waive any objection to the jurisdiction of such courts based on any ground,

10 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 8-K, 11/24/2015 including without limitation, improper venue or forum non conveniens. The parties and the arbitration panel shall be bound to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement, the dispute and any award, except to the extent necessary to enforce any such award. The prevailing party, if a party is so designated in the arbitration award, shall be entitled to recover from the other party its costs and fees, including attorneys’ fees, associated with such arbitration. By agreeing to this binding arbitration provision, the parties understand that they are waiving certain rights and protections which may otherwise be available if a dispute between the parties were determined by litigation in court, including, without limitation, the right to seek or obtain certain types of damages precluded by this arbitration provision, the right to a jury trial, certain rights of appeal, and a right to invoke formal rules of procedure and evidence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each party shall be entitled, at any time, without first resorting to the dispute resolution process set forth above, to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction, wherever such party deems appropriate, in order to preserve or enforce such party’s rights hereunder.

(c) Non-Exclusivity. Nothing in this Agreement limits or restricts Licensee from entering into any similar agreements with any third party.

(d) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, such provision shall be deemed restated, in accordance with applicable law, to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

(e) Waiver. No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, and no breach shall be deemed excused, unless such waiver or excuse is in writing and is executed by the party against whom such waiver or excuse is claimed.

(f) Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral or written agreements and representations with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may be modified or amended only in a writing signed by all parties.

(g) Jury Trial Waiver. THE PARTIES SPECIFICALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY COURT WITH RESPECT TO ANY CONTRACTUAL, TORTIOUS, OR STATUTORY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, OR CROSS-CLAIM AGAINST THE OTHER ARISING OUT OF OR CONNECTED IN ANY WAY TO THIS AGREEMENT, BECAUSE THE PARTIES HERETO, BOTH OF WHOM ARE REPRESENTED BY COUNSEL,

(h) Assignment. Neither party may assign its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement to any third party in whole or in part, without the other party’s prior written consent, except that (i) Licensee may assign its rights and obligations to this Agreement to any of its Affiliate or subsidiaries with the prior written consent of the Licensor, and (ii) Licensor may assign its rights and obligations in this Agreement to its Affiliates or subsidiaries and either party may assign this Agreement in its entirety to any purchaser of all or substantially all of its business or assets pertaining to the line of business to which this Agreement relates or to any Affiliate of the party without the other party’s approval. This Agreement will be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the respective permitted assignees, transferees and successors of each of the parties.

(i) No Third Party Beneficiaries. The parties acknowledge and agree that there are no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

(j) Interpretation. In interpreting the terms and conditions of this Agreement, no presumption shall be interpreted for or against a party as a result of the role of such party in the drafting of this Agreement. Sections headings are for convenience only and shall not be used to interpret this Agreement.

(k) Notice. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given upon receipt or refusal: (i) by overnight courier service; (ii) hand delivery; or (iii) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Notice shall be sent to the addresses set forth below or to such other address as either party may specify in a notice given under this Section 17(k). If to Licensee: You On Demand Holdings, Inc. 375 Greenwich Street, Suite 516 New York, New York 10013 Attn: Mr. Xuesong Song With a copy (which shall not constitute notice or such other communication) to each of: Cooley LLP The Grace Building 1114 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036-7798 Attn: William Haddad and Cooley LLP 101 California Street, 5th Floor San Francisco, California 94111-5800 Attn: Garth Osterman

12 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 8-K, 11/24/2015 If to Licensor: Beijing Sun Seven Stars Culture Development Limited Eastern Fangzheng Road Southern Dongying Village Hancunhe Town Fangshan District Beijing City, P.R.C. Attn: Zhang Jie With a copy (which shall not constitute notice or such other communication) to: Shanghai Sun Seven Stars Cultural Development Limited 686 WuZhong Road, Tower D, 9th Floor Shanghai, China 201103 Attn: Polly Wang

(l) Press Releases. Unless required by law, neither party will, without the prior written approval of the other party, issue any press release or similar announcement relating to the existence or terms of this Agreement.

(m) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. [Signature Page Follows]

13 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 8-K, 11/24/2015 IN WITNESS WHEREOF and intending to be legally bound hereby, the parties have executed this Content License Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

[SIGNATURE PAGE TO CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT] Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 8-K, 11/24/2015

THIS CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”), dated as of December 21, 2015 (the “Effective Date”), is entered into between Beijing Sun Seven Stars Culture Development Limited, a

P.R.C. company with an address at Eastern Fangzheng Road, Southern Dongying Village, Hancunhe Town, Fangshan District, Beijing City, P.R.C. (“Licensor”), and YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS, INC., a Nevada corporation with an address at 375 Greenwich Street, Suite 516, New York, New York 10013 (“Licensee”). WHEREAS, Licensor and Licensee have agreed to enter into this Agreement, pursuant to which Licensor shall license to Licensee certain video programming on the terms and subject to the conditions contained in this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the mutual promises and covenants herein contained and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, and incorporating the above recitals with and into this Agreement, the parties hereby agree as follows:

(a) “Additional Title” shall have the meaning specified in Section 5.

(b) “Advertising” shall have the meaning specified in Section 9.

(c) “Affiliate(s)” shall mean an entity controlling, controlled by or under common control with a party. "Control," for purposes of this definition, means direct or indirect ownership or control of more than 50% of the voting interests of the subject entity.

(d) “Confidential Information” shall have the meaning specified in Section 14(a) [Confidential Information].

(e) “Indemnified Party” shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.

(f) “Indemnifying Party” shall have the meaning specified in Section 13.

(g) “Licensor Marks” shall have the meaning specified in Section 11.

(h) “Materials” shall have the meaning specified in Section 4(b) [4) For Titles listed in Schedule A5].

(i) “Mobile Sites” shall mean any and all versions of the Licensee Sites optimized for delivery and/or distribution via a wireless network. 1

(j) “Reports” shall have the meaning specified in Section 8(b) [Privacy and Data Collection; Reports].

(k) “Share Consideration” has the meaning specified in Section 10.

(l) “Sites” shall mean any and all websites, applications, products and other services through which Licensee (itself or through a third party) delivers content via the public Internet or an IP-based network, regardless of whether the device used to access such websites, applications, products or other services is a laptop or desktop computer, mobile device, tablet, mobile phone, set-top box, or other device.

(m) “Term” shall have the meaning specified in Section 7.

(o) “Titles” shall mean the programming listed on Schedule A (as Schedule A may be amended in accordance with Section 5 from time to time).

(q) “VOD” shall mean a system that allows for the exhibition of video programming chosen by a subscriber for display on that subscriber’s video display unit on an on-demand basis, such that a subscriber is able, at his or her discretion, to select the time for commencement of exhibition, and shall include subscription VOD (“SVOD”), transactional VOD (“TVOD”), ad-supported VOD (“AVOD”) and free VOD.

(a) License Grant. In exchange for the Share Consideration, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, royalty-free, perpetual and non-perpetual license (subject to the duration and scope, and format limitations for which Licensor has the rights to each Title as specified in Schedule A1-A6 of Schedule A) to:

i. license, exhibit, distribute, reproduce, transmit, perform, display, and otherwise exploit and make available each Title within the Territory in any language by VOD (including SVOD, TVOD, AVOD and free VOD) for Internet, TV and mobile platforms (including, but not limited to, OTT streaming services, Sites and Mobile Sites), subject to these limitations for each of the Title in Schedule A1-A6: 1) For Titles listed in Schedule A1-A2: Licensor can only grant Licensee distribution rights to up to six (6) MSOs plus two

(2) of China’s Internet TV license holders or their OTT Internet-based video partners by VOD (including SVOD, TVOD, AVOD and free VOD). China’s current Internet TV license holders include: CNTV (中国网络电视台/未来电视), BesTV (百视通), Wasu (华数), Southern Media Cooperation (南方传媒), Hunan TV (芒果 TV), China National Radio/Galaxy Internet TV (GITV) (银河电视), and China Radio International (中国国际 广播电台); 2

ii. copy and dub the Titles, and authorize any person to do the foregoing Licensee shall also have the right to make (or have made on its behalf) translations of the Titles with prior written approval by Licensor and subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant];

iii. promote each Title in any manner or media, including, without limitation, the right to use and license others to use Licensor’s name, the title of, trailers created for and excerpts from such Title (including but not limited to audio portions only), Materials and the name, voice and likeness of and any biographical material concerning all persons appearing in or connected with such Title for the purpose of advertising, promoting and/or publicizing such Title, Licensee and the program service on which the Title is exhibited subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant] ;

iv. use the Titles for (i) audience and marketing testing, (ii) sponsor/advertiser screening, and (iii) reference and file purposes, subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant]; and

v. include Licensee’s name, trademark and logo in the Titles to identify Licensee as the exhibitor of the Titles.

(b) Sublicensing. Licensee shall have the right to assign or sublicense any or all of its rights granted under this Agreement, in whole or in part, to third parties exhibiting the Titles in the ordinary course of Licensee’s business with prior written notice to Licensor and subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant]. Except as otherwise specified in the previous sentence, Licensee may not sublicense any of its rights under Section 2(a) [License Grant] without Licensor’s prior written consent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

(c) Display of Titles. Licensee agrees to display the Titles without material alteration to the content thereof. Licensee may make non-material modifications or edits the format of the Titles only for technical purposes with prior written approval by Licensor (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) and subject to the applicable limitations (if any) in section 2(a)(i). Nothing in this Agreement prevents Licensee from providing Users with the ability to use the Titles as permitted by law or in a manner for which a license is not required. 4

(d) Removal of Titles. If Licensee receives written notice from Licensor that Licensor no longer has the rights to provide a Title to Licensee, Licensee shall use commercially reasonable efforts to remove such Title from Licensee’s services. Nothing in this Agreement shall obligate Licensee to distribute, exhibit or otherwise use any Title. In addition, should Licensee deem any aspect of any Title as either inappropriate or otherwise objectionable or undesirable (whether for editorial, legal, business or other reasons), Licensee reserves the right, but does not assume the obligation, to discontinue distribution of such Title, without liability and without limiting any rights or remedies to which Licensee may be entitled, whether under this Agreement, at law, or in equity.

(e) Profit Participation. For content listed in Schedule A6 of Schedule A (each a “Project”), Licensor will only grant Licensee certain profit participation rights, for certain durations, as detailed and set forth in Schedule A6 of Schedule A. Licensee will not have distribution rights or any other rights to the content in Schedule A6 of Schedule A under Section 2(a) [License Grant]-

(d). If for any reason the A6 projects do not get produced, SSS will substitute comparable projects, to be mutually approved. “Profit Participation” means a portion of Profits equal to the amount designated in Schedule A6 of Schedule A. “Profits” shall be defined and calculated as follows:

i. “Profits” shall mean Gross Revenue received by Licensor in connection with the Project remaining after the deduction therefrom of Fees, Expenses, and Third Party Royalties (each as defined below).

ii. “Gross Revenue” shall mean 100% of all sums actually received by or credited to Licensor in connection with the exploitation of the Project, for a period of 5 years from initial release, on a worldwide basis from the distribution and exploitation of the Project or any part thereof, provided that Gross Revenue shall not include (i) expenses in connection with collecting such Gross Revenue; (ii) actual, verifiable, third party, sales agency costs, fees and commissions which are mutually approved by the parties;

(iii) customary “off the tops,” including (without limitation) claims, insurance, accounting or other professional service costs actually paid by Producer or a reasonable reserve therefor.

iii. “Fees” shall only apply to non-television, non-Internet exploitation of the Project (e.g., DVD, merchandise) and shall mean the actual, verifiable fee charged by a third party licensing agent or distributor, and mutually agreed to by Licensee and Licensor.

iv. “Expenses” shall mean, collectively, all costs, charges and expenses incurred and/or paid (including without limitation residuals) in connection with the development, production, distribution, marketing, advertising and promotion of the Project. Expenses may include a producer or production fee to Licensor. 5

v. “Third Party Royalties” shall mean any and all royalties and payments paid or payable to third parties for rights and/or services in connection with the Project.

vi. Licensee shall have equal rights and access to all financial statements, records and/or data received from any entity in connection with the Project. Licensor shall compile this information (including information regarding approved budgets) on a annual basis and provide to Licensee in summary form, the calculation of Profit Participation for all of the parties, which shall be accompanied by the parties’ share thereof, if any. Licensor will keep and maintain accurate books and records with respect to the Project. Until one (1) year after the expiration of the Profit Participation of each Project, the books and records will be available for inspection by a certified accounting firm or CPA once per year upon reasonable advance notice. Such books and records shall be made available at Licensor’s normal place of business during normal business hours. If any examination of Licensor’s books and records reveals that Licensor has failed to properly account for any Profits owing to the parties, Licensor will promptly pay such past due amounts.

(f) Editing of Titles. Any edits to any Title will require the prior written approval by Licensor.

3. Licenses and Clearances. Licensor shall be solely responsible for the Titles and any and all legal liability resulting from the Titles, excluding any legal liability caused by Licensee’s breach of this Agreement or gross negligence with regards to the Titles. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Licensor shall be solely responsible for any and all royalties and other fees payable to any applicable licensor(s) or any third party for distribution of the Titles by Licensee (including, without limitation, residuals and clearances or other payments to guilds or unions and rights for music clearances, such as performance rights, synchronization rights and mechanical rights), and all other fees, payments and obligations arising out of the activities contemplated by this Agreement, and Licensee shall have no responsibility or liability for any such royalties or fees. Licensor acknowledges that Licensee cannot and does not undertake to review, and shall not be responsible for Users’ unauthorized use or exploitation of, the Titles. Should Licensee become aware of Users’ unauthorized use or exploitation of the Titles, Licensee shall immediately report such use to Licensor.

(a) Within fifteen (15) days after the Effective Date or on December 31, 2015 (whichever is earlier), Licensor shall (at Licensor’s sole expense), make the Titles available either online or by hard drive to Licensee or the third-party vendor specified by Licensee to provide or deliver the Titles from Licensee’s or its third-party vendor’s facilities. Delivery of the Titles shall be deemed complete if Licensor makes the Titles available in accordance with the previous sentence. If, from time to time, Licensee requests an alternate delivery method for the Titles and/or the implementation of Licensee’s technical specifications relating to the online delivery of the Titles, then Licensor will use commercially reasonable efforts to comply with each such request. 6

(b) When Licensor delivers each Title to Licensee, Licensor shall provide Licensee (at the place specified by Licensee) with all available promotional materials for such Title, including, but not limited to, captioned photographs, brochures, a synopsis and description of such Title, a complete list of cast and credits, biographies of key performers, and any electronic press kits, trailers or featurettes created for such Title (collectively, the “Materials”).

(c) In the event of technical problems with any of the Titles, each party shall use commercially reasonable efforts to notify the other and to remedy any such problems in a timely manner.

(d) Licensor will provide Licensee with reasonable assistance in responding to User inquiries regarding the Titles.

5. Additional Titles. If, during the Term, Licensor develops or obtains the rights to license any live action or animated feature-length motion picture (each an “Additional Title”), Licensor shall give Licensee the first right of negotiation for each Additional Title (i.e., the preferred vendor). Licensor will promptly provide written notice to Licensee in which Licensor lists each Additional Title. Should Licensee agree to be the vendor for an Additional Title, Licensor and Licensee will negotiate in good faith to mutually agree upon the pricing and terms for each Additional Title in an amendment to this Agreement. Licensor will deliver each Additional Title in accordance with Section 4(a) [4) For Titles listed in Schedule A5]. Unless otherwise expressly stated in such an amendment, each Additional Title listed in such an amendment will be deemed a “Title” and Schedule A will be deemed amended to include such Additional Title.

6. Expansion of Licensee’s VOD Services. Licensor will use its partners and media channels to expand distribution of Licensee’s VOD services to more cable MSOs and all other platforms for which Licensee is permitted to distribute the Titles under Section 2(a)(i) [License Grant].

(a) The Term of this Agreement (the “Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date listed above and continue for twenty (20) years, unless sooner terminated as provided in Section 7(b) [Term and Termination]. 7

(b) This Agreement may be terminated at any time by either party, effective immediately upon written notice, if the other party: (i) becomes insolvent; (ii) files a petition in bankruptcy; or

(iii) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors. Either party may terminate this Agreement upon written notice if the other party materially breaches this Agreement and fails to cure such breach within thirty (30) days after the date that it receives written notice of such breach from the non-breaching party.

(c) Sections 2(a) [License Grant], 2(b) [Sublicensing], 2(c) [Display of Titles], 2(d) [Removal of Titles], 3, and 11 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement: (i) in perpetuity with respect to Titles for which the licenses granted in Section 2(a) [License Grant] are perpetual; and (ii) for the duration of the applicable license term specified in Schedule A with respect to Titles for which the license term specified in Schedule A extends beyond the expiration or termination of this Agreement. Sections 1, 7, 8(a) [Privacy and Data Collection; Reports], 12, 13, 14, 15, 16 and 17 shall survive any expiration or termination of this Agreement in perpetuity.

(a) All User information (including, without limitation, any personally identifiable information and statistical information regarding Users’ use and viewing of the Titles) generated, collected or created in connection with the display of the Titles through Licensee’s services shall be considered Confidential Information of Licensee, and all right, title and interest in and to such information shall be owned by Licensee.

(b) Licensee will provide Licensor with reports (“Reports”) containing statistical information collected by Licensee on (i) Users’ use of the Titles, (ii) distribution channels used by Licensee for the distribution of the Titles, (iii) sub-licensees to which the Titles were sub- distributed by Licensee and (if permitted under Licensee’s agreements with the sublicensees) any relevant reports received by Licensee from those sublicensees, and (iv) any other information that the Licensor may request Licensee to gather from time to time, subject to mutual approval. The Reports will be delivered in a format that is mutually agreed upon by the parties. The Reports and all information contained in the Reports shall be considered Confidential Information of Licensee, and all right, title and interest in and to such Reports and information shall be owned by Licensee.

9. Advertising. The parties acknowledge and agree that Licensee’s services may contain advertising, promotions and/or sponsorship material (collectively, “Advertising”). Such Advertising shall be determined by Licensee in its sole discretion and Licensee shall be entitled to retain all revenues resulting from the sale of Advertising. 8 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 10-K, 3/30/2016

10. Consideration. No royalty or fees of any kind shall be owed by Licensee under this Agreement. The consideration for the licenses granted by Licensor to Licensee under this Agreement is the issuance of the IP Common Shares as defined in the Amended and Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2015, by and among the Licensee and the Licensor (the “Share Consideration”).

11. Use of Licensor Marks. Licensor hereby grants Licensee a non-exclusive license to use the logos, trademarks and service marks used by Licensor to identify the Titles (collectively, “Licensor Marks”) in connection with the use of the Titles as set forth in this Agreement. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that Licensee’s use of the Licensor Marks shall inure to the benefit of Licensor. Should Licensor find objectionable any use of the Licensor Marks by Licensee, Licensor shall have the right to revoke, with respect to the objectionable use, the rights granted to Licensee under this Agreement to use the Licensor Marks, and Licensee shall promptly cease using the Licensor Marks in the manner found objectionable by Licensor.

i. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Licensor and this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of Licensor enforceable against Licensor in accordance with its terms;

ii. It will not take or authorize any action, or fail to take any action, by which any of the rights in any Title granted herein may be impaired in any way;

iii. It has all rights and authority necessary to fully perform its obligations and grant the rights granted under this Agreement and all rights in and to the Titles and in and to all literary, artistic, dramatic, intellectual property and musical material included therein required for the exercise of rights granted in this Agreement without liability of any kind to any third party; provided however, that this representation and warranty shall not apply to non-dramatic performing rights in music to the extent that they are controlled by SESAC, ASCAP or BMI or to the extent that such music is in the public domain; 9

iv. Each Title is and will be protected during the Term by copyright throughout the Territory;

v. There are no taxes, charges, fees, royalties or other amounts owed to any party other than as set forth in this Agreement for the exercise of rights granted in this Agreement and Licensor has paid or will pay all charges, taxes, license fees and other amounts that have been or may become owed in connection with the Titles or the exercise of any rights granted under this Agreement;

vi. Licensor shall make all payments which may become due to any union or guild and to any third parties who rendered services in connection with the production of the Titles by virtue of the use made of the Titles hereunder;

vii. No claim or litigation is pending or threatened and no lien, charge, restriction or encumbrance is in existence with respect to any Title that would adversely affect or impair any of the rights granted under this Agreement;

viii. The Titles, Materials and Licensor Marks will not violate or infringe any common law or statutory right of any person or other entity including, without limitation, any contractual rights, proprietary rights, trademark, service mark, copyright or patent rights, or any rights of privacy or publicity;

ix. The Titles, Materials and the Licensor Marks will not be unlawful, slanderous or libelous; and

x. To the extent that any Title makes any claims or renders any instruction or advice, such claim, instruction or advice shall comply with all federal, state and other applicable laws and regulations and shall cause no harm to any person or entity following or acting in accordance with such instruction or advice.

i. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary corporate action on the part of Licensee and this Agreement constitutes a valid and legally binding agreement of Licensee enforceable against Licensee in accordance with its terms;

ii. It will use the Titles solely as permitted under this Agreement;

iii. It has the full right, capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement and to perform all of its obligations hereunder; and

iv. As of the Effective Date, there is no claim, action, suit, investigation or proceeding relating to or affecting Licensee pending or threatened, in law or in equity, or any other circumstance which might adversely affect Licensee’s ability to perform all of its obligations hereunder. 10

13. Indemnification. Each party shall defend, indemnify and hold the other party and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees, agents, successors, assigns, licensees and distributors harmless from and against any and all judgments, settlements, damages, penalties, costs and expenses (including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees) arising out of any third party claims relating to the Indemnifying Party’s breach or alleged breach of any of its representations, warranties, covenants or obligations hereunder. The party seeking indemnification (the “Indemnified Party”) will give prompt notice to the indemnifying party (the “Indemnifying Party”) of any claim for which the Indemnified Party seeks indemnification under this Agreement; provided, however, that failure to give prompt notice will not relieve the Indemnifying Party of any liability hereunder (except to the extent the Indemnifying Party has suffered actual material prejudice by such failure). The Indemnified Party will reasonably cooperate (at the Indemnifying Party’s expense) in the defense of any claim for which the Indemnified Party seeks indemnification under this Section 13. The Indemnified Party shall have the right to employ separate counsel and to participate in (but not control) any such action, but the fees and expenses of such counsel will be at the expense of the Indemnified Party unless: (i) the employment of counsel by the Indemnified Party has been authorized by the Indemnifying Party; (ii) the Indemnified Party has been advised by its counsel in writing that there is a conflict of interest between the Indemnifying Party and the Indemnified Party in the conduct of the defense of the action (in which case the Indemnifying Party will not have the right to direct the defense of the action on behalf of the Indemnified Party); or (iii) the Indemnifying Party has not in fact employed counsel to assume the defense of the action within a reasonable time following receipt of the notice given pursuant to this Section 13, in each of which cases the fees and expenses of such counsel will be at the expense of the Indemnifying Party. The Indemnifying Party will not be liable for any settlement of an action effected without its written consent (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), nor will the Indemnifying Party settle any such action without the written consent of the Indemnified Party (which consent will not be unreasonably withheld or delayed). The Indemnifying Party will not consent to the entry of any judgment or enter into any settlement that does not include as an unconditional term thereof the giving by the claimant or plaintiff to the Indemnified Party a release from all liability with respect to the claim.

(a) Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means all non-public information about the disclosing party’s business or activities that is marked or designated by such party as “confidential” or “proprietary” at the time of disclosure or that reasonably would be understood to be confidential given the circumstances of disclosure. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information does not include information that: (a) is in or enters the public domain without breach of this Agreement; (b) the receiving party lawfully receives from a third party without restriction on disclosure and without breach of a nondisclosure obligation; (c) the receiving party rightfully knew prior to receiving such information from the disclosing party; or

(d) the receiving party develops entirely independently of, and without any access or reference to or use of, any Confidential Information communicated to the receiving party by the disclosing party. 11

(b) Restrictions. Each party agrees that, during the Term and for two (2) years thereafter:

(i) it will not disclose to any third party any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party except as expressly permitted in this Agreement; (ii) it will only permit access to Confidential Information of the disclosing party to those of its employees or authorized representatives or advisors (including, without limitation, the receiving party’s auditors, accountants, and attorneys) having a need to know and who, prior to obtaining such access, are legally bound to protect the disclosing party’s Confidential Information at least to the same extent as set forth herein; (iii) it will use any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party only for the purpose of performing its obligations or exercising its rights under this Agreement and not for any other purpose, whether for such party’s own benefit or the benefit of any third party; (iv) it will maintain the confidentiality of all Confidential Information of the other party in its possession or control; and (v) that (x) upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, or (y) at any time the disclosing party may so request, it will deliver promptly to the disclosing party, or, at the disclosing party’s option, it will destroy, all Confidential Information of the disclosing party that it may then possess or have under its control. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each party may disclose Confidential Information of the other party to the extent required by a court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental authority or otherwise as required by law, provided that such party will, as soon as reasonably practicable, provide the disclosing party with written notice of such requirement so that the disclosing party may seek a protective order or other appropriate remedy. The receiving party and its representatives will cooperate fully with the disclosing party to obtain any such protective order or other remedy. If the disclosing party elects not to seek, or is unsuccessful in obtaining, any such protective order or similar remedy and if the receiving party receives advice from reputable legal counsel confirming that the disclosure of Confidential Information is required pursuant to applicable law, then the receiving party may disclose such Confidential Information to the extent required; provided, however, that the receiving party will use commercially reasonable efforts to ensure that such Confidential Information is treated confidentially by each party to which it is disclosed.

15. Disclaimers. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY STATED IN SECTION 12, THE PARTIES HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS

FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, CONCERNING THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT. 12 Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 10-K, 3/30/2016

16. Limitation of Liability. EXCEPT FOR THE ABOVE INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS AND FOR BREACHES OF SECTION 14, NEITHER

ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS), WHETHER IN AN

(a) Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in all respects in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without giving effect to any conflicts of laws principles.

(b) Dispute Resolution. Any dispute, controversy and/or difference which may arise out of or in connection with or in relation to this Agreement, shall be solely and finally settled by binding arbitration pursuant to then-current rules of the International Chamber of Commerce. Such arbitration shall be held in New York, New York. The merits of the dispute shall be resolved in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without reference to its choice of law rules. The tribunal shall consist of three arbitrators, each of whom shall be knowledgeable in the subject matter hereof. The arbitration shall be conducted in the English language, and all documents shall be submitted in English or be accompanied by a certified English translation. The arbitrators will provide a written explanation to the parties of any arbitration award. The award thereof shall be final and binding upon the parties hereto, and judgment on such award may be entered in any court or tribunal having jurisdiction, and the parties hereby irrevocably waive any objection to the jurisdiction of such courts based on any ground, including without limitation, improper venue or forum non conveniens. The parties and the arbitration panel shall be bound to maintain the confidentiality of this Agreement, the dispute and any award, except to the extent necessary to enforce any such award. The prevailing party, if a party is so designated in the arbitration award, shall be entitled to recover from the other party its costs and fees, including attorneys’ fees, associated with such arbitration. By agreeing to this binding arbitration provision, the parties understand that they are waiving certain rights and protections which may otherwise be available if a dispute between the parties were determined by litigation in court, including, without limitation, the right to seek or obtain certain types of damages precluded by this arbitration provision, the right to a jury trial, certain rights of appeal, and a right to invoke formal rules of procedure and evidence. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, each party shall be entitled, at any time, without first resorting to the dispute resolution process set forth above, to seek injunctive or other equitable relief from any court of competent jurisdiction, wherever such party deems appropriate, in order to preserve or enforce such party’s rights hereunder. 13

(c) Non-Exclusivity. Nothing in this Agreement limits or restricts Licensee from entering into any similar agreements with any third party.

(d) Severability. The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement. In the event that any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid, unenforceable or otherwise illegal, such provision shall be deemed restated, in accordance with applicable law, to reflect as nearly as possible the original intentions of the parties, and the remainder of the Agreement shall remain in full force and effect.

(e) Waiver. No term or condition of this Agreement shall be deemed waived, and no breach shall be deemed excused, unless such waiver or excuse is in writing and is executed by the party against whom such waiver or excuse is claimed.

(f) Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement and understanding between the parties with regard to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous oral or written agreements and representations with respect to such subject matter. This Agreement may be modified or amended only in a writing signed by all parties.

(g) Jury Trial Waiver. THE PARTIES SPECIFICALLY WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY COURT WITH RESPECT TO ANY CONTRACTUAL, TORTIOUS, OR STATUTORY CLAIM, COUNTERCLAIM, OR CROSS-CLAIM

(h) Assignment. Neither party may assign its rights, duties or obligations under this Agreement to any third party in whole or in part, without the other party’s prior written consent, except that (i) Licensee may assign its rights and obligations to this Agreement to any of its Affiliate or subsidiaries with the prior written consent of the Licensor, and (ii) Licensor may assign its rights and obligations in this Agreement to its Affiliates or subsidiaries and either party may assign this Agreement in its entirety to any purchaser of all or substantially all of its business or assets pertaining to the line of business to which this Agreement relates or to any Affiliate of the party without the other party’s approval. This Agreement will be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the respective permitted assignees, transferees and successors of each of the parties. 14

(i) No Third Party Beneficiaries. The parties acknowledge and agree that there are no third party beneficiaries to this Agreement.

(j) Interpretation. In interpreting the terms and conditions of this Agreement, no presumption shall be interpreted for or against a party as a result of the role of such party in the drafting of this Agreement. Sections headings are for convenience only and shall not be used to interpret this Agreement.

(k) Notice. Any notice required or permitted by this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be delivered as follows, with notice deemed given upon receipt or refusal: (i) by overnight courier service; (ii) hand delivery; or (iii) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested. Notice shall be sent to the addresses set forth below or to such other address as either party may specify in a notice given under this Section 17(k) [Notice]. If to Licensee: You On Demand Holdings, Inc. 375 Greenwich Street, Suite 516 New York, New York 10013 Attn: Board of Directors With a copy (which shall not constitute notice or such other communication) to each of: Cooley LLP The Grace Building 1114 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036-7798 Attn: William Haddad and Cooley LLP 101 California Street, 5th Floor San Francisco, California 94111-5800 Attn: Garth Osterman If to Licensor: Beijing Sun Seven Stars Culture Development Limited Eastern Fangzheng Road Southern Dongying Village 15

(l) Press Releases. Unless required by law, neither party will, without the prior written approval of the other party, issue any press release or similar announcement relating to the existence or terms of this Agreement.

(m) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, all of which when taken together shall be deemed to constitute one and the same instrument. [Signature Page Follows] 16

By: /s/ Bruno Wu Name: Bruno Wu Title:Chairman & CEO

YOU ON DEMAND HOLDINGS, INC. By: /s/ Shane McMahon Name: Shane McMahon Title:Chairman [SIGNATURE PAGE TO CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT] Source: IDEANOMICS, INC., 10-K, 3/30/2016

This Domain Name and Content License Agreement (the “Agreement”) is made and entered into, by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. (北京新浪互联信息服务有限公司), a limited liability company organized under the laws of the People’s Republic of China (hereinafter “Licensor”) and Beijing Yisheng Leju Information Services Co., Ltd., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the People’s Republic of China (“Licensee” and together with Licensor, the “Parties” and each a “Party”) and is made effective as of the Effective Date (defined below).

WHEREAS, SINA Corporation, a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“SINA”), and CRIC Holdings Limited, a company organized under the laws of the Cayman Islands (“CRIC”), entered into that certain Share Purchase Agreement dated July 23, 2009 (the “Share Purchase Agreement”), pursuant to which SINA subscribes from CRIC the Subscription Shares (as defined in the Share Purchase Agreement); WHEREAS, Licensor is the registrant of certain domain names as more particularly described below that are related to the Business which it desires to license to Licensee and Licensee desires to obtain a license from Licensor to such domain names to use in connection with its operation of the Business on the terms and conditions set forth herein; and WHEREAS, Licensor and Shanghai SINA Leju Information Technology Co. Ltd. (“SINA Leju”) entered into that certain Domain Name License Agreement dated May 8, 2008 (the “Original Agreement”) and (i) Licensor and SINA Leju desire to terminate the Original Agreement pursuant to the Mutual Termination Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit B and (ii) Licensee and Licensor desire to enter into this Agreement, on or prior to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreement of the Parties and the faithful performance thereof, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereto agree as follows:

As used herein, the following terms shall have the meanings ascribed to them below. “Action” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. “Affiliate” means, when used with respect to any specified Person, a Person that directly or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, “control” (including the terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) with respect to the Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 relationship between or among two or more Persons, means the possession, directly or indirectly or as trustee, personal representative or executor, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the affairs or management of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, as trustee, personal representative or executor, by contract, credit arrangement or otherwise. “Agency Agreement” means that certain Advertising Sale Agency Agreement by and between SINA Corporation and China Online Housing Technology Corporation, dated as of the date hereof. “Business” means an online real estate media platform in the PRC that (i) provides information and updates related to real estate, home furnishing and construction in the PRC and provides real estate, home furnishing and construction advertising services, and (ii) operates a business-to-business and business-to-consumer Internet platform targeting participants in the PRC real estate industry, in each case, as currently conducted or contemplated to be conducted on the websites owned or operated by Licensee or any of Licensee’s Affiliates in the PRC. “Business Day” means any day that is not a Saturday, a Sunday or other day on which banks are required or authorized by Law to be closed in Beijing. “Change of Control” means (i) the consummation of any acquisition or purchase, directly or indirectly, by any Person or related group of Persons, that results in a Competitor owning more ordinary shares in CRIC than E-House and SINA, and in each case, their respective controlled Affiliates, own in the aggregate or (ii) an event pursuant to which a Competitor acquires the right to nominate a member to the board of directors of CRIC. “Claimant” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Commission” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Competitor” means any Person whose business includes an online portal. “Confidential Information” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. “Content” means text, graphics, information and data and other content, whether supplied by Licensee, Licensor, end users or third party providers. “Dispute” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Effective Date” means the Closing Date as set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement. “E-House Licensed Data and Information” means the data and information licensed to CRIC Holdings Limited and its subsidiaries, for the operation of the CRIC system pursuant to the Master Transaction Agreement. 2 Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 “Governmental Authority” means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or other government, governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or any court, tribunal, or judicial or arbitral body. “Initial Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. “Law” means any federal, national, supranational, state, provincial, local or similar statute, law or ordinance, regulation, rule, code, order, requirement or rule of law (including common law). “Licensed Content” shall mean all Content (i) whose copyright is owned by Licensor; or (ii) owned by a third party provider but is sublicensable by Licensor to Licensee without requiring the payment of any additional fee to any third party and without violating the terms of any agreement with such third party provider, together with all updates to and substitutions therefor as may be implemented by Licensor or such third party provider. “Licensed Domain Names” means the domain names listed on Exhibit A attached hereto. “Licensee Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1. “Licensor Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.2. “Master Transaction Agreement” means the Master Transaction Agreement entered into by and between E-House (China) Holdings Limited and CRIC Holdings Limited, dated as of July 27, 2009. “Operating Content” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.2. “Person” means any individual, partnership, firm, corporation, limited liability company, association, trust, unincorporated organization or other entity, as well as any syndicate or group that would be deemed to be a person under Section 13(d)(3) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. “PRC” means the People’s Republic of China, excluding Hong Kong, Macau and Taiwan. “Recipient” has the meaning set forth in Section 9.1. “Respondent” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Rules” has the meaning set forth in Section 10.12. “Software License Agreement” means that certain Software License and Support Services Agreement by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. and SINA Leju dated as of [ ]. “Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 6.1. 3 Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 “Trademark License Agreement” means that certain Trademark License Agreement by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co., Ltd. and Licensee dated as of [ ].

(a)Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term. Except as provided in Section 2.3, Licensee’s use of the Licensed Domain Names under the terms of this Agreement shall be free of any fees.

(b)Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Content in connection with websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names until the earlier of (i) termination or expiration of this Agreement, or (ii) termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement, provided, however, that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement. Except as provided in

Section 2.3, Licensee’s use of the Licensed Content under the terms of this Agreement shall be free of any fees.

(c)Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, Licensee has no right to sublicense any rights granted hereunder to any third party, or otherwise permit any third party to use any Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content; provided, however, that any rights granted to Licensee hereunder shall be sublicensable, without the prior written consent of Licensor, to SINA Leju and Licensee’s Affiliates that are controlled by SINA Leju solely for the purpose of operating the Business during the Term. All rights in and to the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content not expressly granted herein are hereby reserved exclusively by Licensor. Licensee shall be responsible for the compliance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement by all of its sublicensees. Without limiting the foregoing, in the event any sublicensee undertakes any action (or inaction) that would be deemed a breach of this Agreement had Licensee taken such action (or inaction), such action (or inaction) shall be deemed a breach by Licensee under this Agreement.

2.2.Other Content. Licensee may desire to use Content other than Licensed Content, from time to time, in connection with the websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names (“Operating Content”). Licensee may independently enter into an agreement with the owner of the Operating Content to secure Licensee’s right to use such Operating Content, and shall be solely responsible for the cost and expense associated with procuring such Content. For the avoidance of doubt, Licensee shall be permitted to upload such Operating Content directly onto Licensee’s websites or through use of the Licensor’s software pursuant to the Software 4

2.3.Fees. In the event E-House Research and Training Institute becomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive from, Licensee any royalties, fees or other remuneration for use of the E-House Licensed Data and Information pursuant to amendments to the Master Transaction Agreement or through other means, Licensor and Licensee shall use good faith efforts to amend this Agreement such that Licensor becomes entitled to charge, invoice, or otherwise receive fees from Licensee to use the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, such fees to be agreed upon by the Parties, provided that (i) such fees shall be commercially reasonable and (ii) such fees shall not exceed the fees charged by Licensor to unaffiliated third parties for use of the Licensed Content, taking into account any other consideration received by Licensor (including, but not limited to, discounted services offerings from the third party).

3.1.Licensee Control. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee shall be entitled to exercise exclusive control over all aspects of the websites and the Business associated with the Licensed Domain Names including, without limitation, the operation, the look-and-feel and the Content of such websites.

3.2.Content Distribution. Licensor shall make available to Licensee the Licensed Content in substantially the same manner and with substantially the same speed and efficiency as such Licensed Content was made available to SINA Leju prior to the Effective Date, namely through Licensor’s content database, but in no event with less speed, efficiency, or a lesser level of access than Licensor provides with respect to its own operations. Licensee agrees to use the Licensed Domain Names only in accordance with such content distribution policy that Licensor uses in connection with its own business, and as may be established by Licensor and communicated in writing in advance to Licensee from time to time or as may otherwise be agreed to by the Parties from time to time, provided that Licensee shall be afforded the same period of time to implement any such content distribution policy as is afforded to Licensor’s Affiliates and other third parties. 5

(a)Licensee Obligations. Licensee shall monitor and censor all Content on the websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names, including without limitation Content posted by end users. Licensor shall also have the right to monitor and censor Content of the websites associated with Licensed Domain Names. Licensee shall remove any offending Content, including, but not limited to, any illegal materials, pornographic, obscene or sexually explicit materials, materials of a violent nature, or politically sensitive materials, from such websites as soon as possible after it becomes aware of such offending Content but in no event later than the timeframe prescribed by the Governmental Authority after receipt of oral or written notice from Licensor or such Governmental Authority. Licensee’s failure to comply with this Section 3.3(a) shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. Without limiting the foregoing obligations, Licensee acknowledges that Licensor shall have the right to remove such offending Content from the websites associated with Licensed Domain Names.

(b)New Restrictions Imposed by Governmental Authority. In the event Licensor receives notice from any Governmental Authority that the websites associated with the Licensed Domain Names contain offending Content where (i) the basis or nature of such offense has not previously been identified by any Governmental Authority as offensive or inappropriate and (ii) Licensee has not also received notice from such Governmental Authority, Licensor shall promptly notify Licensee of Licensor’s receipt thereof. Licensee shall then use best efforts to remove such Content as soon as possible in accordance with the instructions of such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything in Section 8.2 to the contrary, in the event Licensor fails to notify Licensee of Licensor’s receipt of such notice from a Governmental Authority, such that Licensee does not have sufficient time to remove such offending Content, Licensee shall not be liable for any fines or penalties imposed by a Governmental Authority in connection with such offending Content.

3.4.Compliance with Laws. Licensee shall ensure that the Business complies with all applicable Laws in respect of operation, advertising and promotion of the Business and use of the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content in connection therewith.

3.5.Restrictions. Except as expressly permitted under the Trademark License Agreement, Licensee shall not knowingly (a) use the Licensed Domain Names in any manner that tarnishes, degrades, disparages or reflects adversely on Licensor or Licensor’s business or reputation,

(b) in any jurisdiction, register or attempt to register any domain names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to, the term “SINA”, (c) contest, challenge or otherwise make any claim or take any action adverse to Licensor’s interest in the Licensed Domain Names, (d) register any trademarks, trade names or company names that consist of, in whole or in part, or are confusingly similar to the term “SINA” in the name of Licensee or of any of its Affiliates, or (e) use the Licensed Content and other Content for any unlawful purpose, including but not limited to displaying or distributing any pornographic, obscene or sexually explicit material, materials of a violent nature, or politically sensitive materials. In the event that Licensor reasonably determines that any violation of the foregoing by Licensee poses an immediate harm to Licensor’s business, reputation or goodwill, Licensee shall promptly, following receipt of notice from Licensor, cease and desist all such non-conforming uses. 6

4.1.Ownership. Licensee acknowledges that, as between the Parties, Licensor (or its third party providers) is the owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content, and all such right, title and interest shall remain exclusively with Licensor (or its third party providers).

4.2.Prosecution and Maintenance. As between Licensee and Licensor, Licensor shall have the sole and exclusive right and obligation to maintain and renew registrations for the Licensed Domain Names during the Term, and shall do so at its own cost and expense during the Term. Licensee shall not engage in the foregoing affairs, in particular, Licensee shall not change or apply for change of the domain name registration service agency for the Licensed Domain Names during the Term of this Agreement.

(a)Licensor shall have the right, but not the obligation, to take action against third parties in the courts, administrative agencies or otherwise, at Licensor’s cost and expense, to prevent or terminate misuse, infringement, dilution, misappropriation, imitation or illegal use by third parties of the Licensed Domain Names or Licensed Content.

(b)Licensee shall reasonably cooperate with Licensor in any action, suit or proceeding that the Licensor may undertake under this Section 5.1 (including, without limitation, executing, filing and delivering all documents and evidence reasonably requested by the Licensor) and shall lend its name to such action, suit or proceeding if reasonably requested by the Licensor or required by applicable Law. All reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Licensee in connection therewith shall be reimbursed by the Licensor. The Licensee shall have the right to participate and be represented in any such action, suit or proceeding by its own counsel at its own expense.

(c)All damages or other compensation of any kind recovered in any action, suit or proceeding undertaken under this Article V, or from any settlement or compromise thereof, shall be for the benefit of the Licensor, provided, however, that any compensation granted or awarded in light of any losses incurred by Licensee shall be for the benefit of the Licensee after Licensor’s reasonable expenses for taking such action, suit or proceeding have been paid.

6.1.Term. The initial term of this Agreement (the “Initial Term”) shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years thereafter. Beginning twelve (12) months prior to the expiration of the Initial Term, the Parties shall use 7

6.2.Termination for Bankruptcy. Either Party may immediately terminate this Agreement in the event that the other Party (a) becomes insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they mature; (b) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; (c) seeks relief, or if proceedings are commenced against such other Party or on its behalf, under any bankruptcy, insolvency or debtors’ relief law and such proceedings have not been vacated or set aside within seven (7) days from the date of commencement thereof.

(a)By Licensor. Licensor may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event that the Licensee is in material default or breach of any provision of this Agreement, and, if such default or breach is capable of cure, such default or breach continues uncured for a period of thirty

(30) days after receipt of written notice thereof; provided, however, that in the event that the Licensee has in good faith commenced cure within such thirty (30) day period, but cannot practically complete such cure within such thirty (30) day period, the Parties shall negotiate a reasonable additional time to cure.

(b)By Licensee. Licensee may terminate this Agreement at any time in the event that the Licensor is in material default or breach of any provision of this Agreement, and, if such default or breach is capable of cure, such default or breach continues uncured for a period of thirty

(30) days after receipt of written notice thereof; provided, however, that in the event that the Licensor has in good faith commenced cure within such thirty (30) day period, but cannot practically complete such cure within such thirty (30) day period, the Parties shall negotiate a reasonable additional time to cure.

6.4.Termination for a Change of Control. Licensor may terminate this Agreement by providing prior written notice to Licensee upon the occurrence of a Change of Control.

6.5.Termination in the Event of Termination of Agency Agreement. In the event that the Agency Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 9.02(c)(iii) or 9.02(d)(i) thereof, this Agreement shall automatically be terminated as of the effective date of the termination of the Agency Agreement and shall thereafter be of no further force or effect except as set forth in Section 6.7.

(a)Upon termination (but not expiration) of this Agreement for any reason, Licensee shall be entitled to use the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content for a limited period of time, not to exceed ninety (90) days, during which it shall diligently work to transition to another solution. Upon expiration of this Agreement or such 90-day period, (i) all rights granted to Licensee under this Agreement with respect to the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content shall immediately cease, and (ii) Licensee shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content. 8

(b)Upon termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement (other than as described in Section 6.5), Licensee’s rights under

Section 2.1(b) are terminated and Licensee shall immediately discontinue all use of the Licensed Content, provided, however that in the event the Agency Agreement is amended or restated, such amendment or restatement shall not be deemed a termination or expiration of the Agency Agreement.

6.7.Survival. The duties and obligations of the Parties under Articles IV, VI, VIII, IX and X and Section 7.2 of this Agreement shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement.

(a)By Each Party. Each of Licensee and Licensor represents and warrants to each other Party that: (a) it is a corporation duly incorporated, validly existing and in good standing under applicable Law; (b) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby are within its corporate powers; (c) it has taken necessary steps to obtain authority and all necessary consents and approvals of any other third party or Governmental Authority to execute and perform this Agreement; (d) this Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by it and constitutes its valid and binding obligation, enforceable against it in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, or other laws affecting the rights of creditors’ generally or by general principals of equity; and (e) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement will not conflict with or result in any breach of its charter or certificate of incorporation, bylaws, or other governing document, or any instrument, obligation, or contract to which it or its properties is bound.

i.It has the right to grant the licenses granted to Licensee hereunder; and

ii.The Licensed Content and the Licensed Domain Names are, and the rights granted hereunder in connection with the Licensed Domain Names and Licensed Content are, substantially similar to the Licensed Content and the Licensed Domain Names and the rights that were granted to SINA Leju in connection therewith prior to the Effective Date.

7.2.Disclaimer. LICENSEE HEREBY ACKNOWLEDGES AND AGREES THAT EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH HEREIN OR

WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, VALIDITY, NONINFRINGEMENT, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR OTHER WARRANTIES, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, AND LICENSOR HEREBY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL SUCH WARRANTIES. 9

8.1.Indemnification by Licensor. Licensor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensee and its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, successors and assigns, (collectively, the “Licensee Parties”) from and against any claim, suit, demand or action (“Action”), and any and all direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensee in connection with any third party claims arising out of or resulting from any breach by Licensor of any provision of this Agreement. Licensor’s obligation to indemnify Licensee shall be conditioned on (a) Licensee’s provision to Licensor of prompt notice of such an Action (except where any delay does not materially prejudice Licensor); (b) Licensee’s reasonable cooperation with Licensor in the defense and settlement of such an Action at Licensor’s cost; and (c) Licensor having exclusive control of the defense, settlement and/or compromise of such an Action (provided that Licensor may not settle any Action in a manner that adversely affects Licensee without Licensee’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

8.2.Indemnification by Licensee. Licensee shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and its Affiliates, and their respective officers, directors, employees, agents, shareholders, successors and assigns, (collectively, the “Licensor Parties”) from and against any Action, and any and all direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensor in connection with any third party claims (a) arising out of or resulting from any breach by Licensee of any provision of this Agreement, (b) regarding the Content (other than Licensed Content) of the websites associated with Licensed Domain Names, or (c) regarding any Content that was subject to a request for removal by a Governmental Authority, even if Licensee removes such Content within the time period proscribed by the Governmental Authority, provided that, in all cases, Licensee shall not be liable for any direct losses suffered or incurred by Licensor as a result of Licensor’s failure to provide Licensee with a reasonable period of time to remove Content in cases where (i) the basis or nature of the offense has not previously been identified by any Governmental Authority as offensive or inappropriate and (ii) Licensee has not also received notice from the Governmental Authority. Licensee’s obligation to indemnify Licensor shall be conditioned on (x) Licensor’s provision to Licensee of prompt notice of such an Action (except where any delay does not materially prejudice Licensee); (y) Licensor’s reasonable cooperation with Licensee in the defense and settlement of such an Action at Licensee’s cost; and (z) Licensee having exclusive control of the defense, settlement and/or compromise of such an Action (provided that Licensee may not settle any Action in a manner that adversely affects Licensor without Licensor’s prior written consent, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed).

9.1.Confidential Information. In performing its obligations under this Agreement, either Party (the “Recipient”) may obtain certain Confidential Information of the other Party. For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” shall mean information, documents and other tangible things, provided by either Party to the other, in whatever form, relating to such Party’s business and marketing, including such

9.2.Exceptions. The obligation of confidentiality contained in Section 9.1 shall not apply to the extent that (a) the Recipient is required to disclose information by order or regulation of a Governmental Authority or a court of competent jurisdiction; provided, however, that, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, the Recipient shall not make any such disclosure without first notifying the other Party and allowing the other Party a reasonable opportunity to seek injunctive relief from (or a protective order with respect to) the obligation to make such disclosure; or

(b) the Recipient can demonstrate that (i) the disclosed information was at the time of such disclosure to the Recipient already in (or thereafter enters) the public domain other than as a result of actions of the Recipient, its directors, officers, employees or agents in violation hereof, (ii) the disclosed information was rightfully known to the Recipient prior to the date of disclosure (other than pursuant to disclosure by the other Party pursuant to other agreements in effect between the Parties), or (iii) the disclosed information was received by the Recipient on an unrestricted basis from a source unrelated to any Party and not under a duty of confidentiality to the other Party.

10.1.Taxes. Each Party shall be responsible for taxes that should be borne by it in accordance with applicable Law. If any Party pays any taxes that should have been borne by the other Party in accordance with Law, such other Party shall reimburse such Party within seven

(7) days after its receipt of documentation evidencing such tax payment so incurred by such Party.

10.2.Expenses. Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, all costs and expenses, including, fees and disbursements of counsel, financial advisors and accountants, incurred in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement shall be borne by the party incurring such costs and expenses, whether or not the Closing shall have occurred.

10.3.Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed duly given, made or received (i) on the date of delivery if delivered in person or by messenger service, (ii) on the date of confirmation of receipt of transmission by facsimile (or, the first (1st) Business Day following such receipt if (a) such 11

10.4.Public Announcements. Other than (i) the filing with the SEC of the Form F-1, any amendments thereto and any other documents filed in connection with the Form F-1, 12

10.5.Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any Law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect for so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement is not affected in any manner materially adverse to either party hereto. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated by this Agreement are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

10.6.Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and understandings, both written and oral, with respect to the subject matter hereof and thereto (including the Original Agreement).

10.7.Assignment. This Agreement and any rights or authority granted hereunder shall not be assigned or transferred by either Party, including by operation of law, merger or otherwise, without the express written consent of the other Party, provided that Licensor may assign this Agreement without consent to any of its Affiliates and Licensee may assign this Agreement without consent to SINA Leju or an Affiliate of Licensee that is controlled by SINA Leju.

10.8.Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except (a) by an instrument in writing signed by, or on behalf of, both Parties or (b) by a waiver in accordance with Section 10.9.

10.9.Waiver. Either Party may (a) extend the time for the performance of any of the obligations or other acts of the other Party, (b) waive any inaccuracies in the representations and warranties of the other Party contained herein or in any document delivered by the other party pursuant hereto or (c) waive compliance with any of the agreements of the other Party or conditions to such Party’s obligations contained herein. Any such extension or waiver shall be valid only if set forth in an instrument in writing signed by the Party to be bound thereby. No waiver of any representation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation granted pursuant to this Section 10.9 or otherwise in accordance with this Agreement shall be construed as a waiver of any prior or subsequent breach of such representation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation or any other representation, warranty, agreement, condition or obligation. The failure of either party hereto to assert any of its rights hereunder shall not constitute a waiver of any of such rights. 13

10.10.No Third Party Beneficiaries. Except for the provisions of Article VII relating to indemnified parties, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure solely to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied (including the provisions of Article VII relating to indemnified parties), is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever, including any rights of employment for any specified period, under or by reason of this Agreement.

10.11.Governing Law. This Agreement and any dispute or claim arising out of or in connection with it or its subject matter shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the People’s Republic of China (without regard to its conflicts of laws rules that would mandate the application of the laws of another jurisdiction).

(a) Any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or the breach, termination or invalidity thereof (each, a “Dispute”), shall to the extent possible be settled through friendly consultation among the Parties hereto. The claiming Party (the “Claimant”) shall promptly notify the other Party (the “Respondent”) in a dated written notice that a Dispute has arisen and describe the nature of the Dispute. Any Dispute which remains unresolved within sixty (60) days after the date of such written notice shall be submitted to the China International Economic and Trade Arbitration Commission (the “Commission”) to be finally settled by arbitration in Beijing, PRC in accordance with the Commission’s then effective rules (the “Rules”) and this Section 10.12. The language of the arbitration shall be Mandarin Chinese.

(b)The arbitration tribunal shall consist of three (3) arbitrators. The Claimant shall appoint one (1) arbitrator, the Respondent shall appoint one (1) arbitrator, and the two (2) arbitrators so appointed shall appoint a third arbitrator. If the Claimant and the Respondent fail to appoint one (1) arbitrator, or the two (2) arbitrators appointed fail to appoint the third arbitrator within the time periods set by the then effective Rules, the relevant appointment shall be made promptly by the Commission.

(c)Any award of the arbitration tribunal established pursuant to this Section 10.12 shall be final and binding upon the Parties, and enforceable in any court of competent jurisdiction. The Parties shall use their best efforts to effect the prompt execution of any such award and shall render whatever assistance as may be necessary to this end. The prevailing Party (as determined by the arbitrators) shall be entitled to reimbursement of its costs and expenses, including reasonable attorney’s fees, incurred in connection with the arbitration and any judicial enforcement, unless the arbitrators determine that it would be manifestly unfair to honor this agreement of the Parties and determine a different allocation of costs.

(d)The foregoing provisions in this Section 10.12 shall not preclude any Party from seeking interim or conservatory remedies, including injunctive relief, from any court having jurisdiction to grant such relief.

10.13.No Presumption. The Parties acknowledge that each has been represented by counsel in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement. Accordingly, any applicable Law that would require interpretation of any claimed 14

10.14.Specific Performance. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that irreparable damage would occur if any of the provisions of this Agreement are not performed in accordance with their specific terms and that any breach of this Agreement could not be adequately compensated in all cases by monetary damages alone. Accordingly, in addition to any other right or remedy to which a party hereto may be entitled, at law or in equity, it shall be entitled to enforce any provision of this Agreement by a decree of specific performance and to temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctive relief to prevent breaches or threatened breaches of any of the provisions of this Agreement, without posting any bond or other undertaking.

10.15.Force Majeure. Neither Party shall be liable for failure to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement during any period in which such Party cannot perform due to hacker attack, fire, flood or other natural disaster, war, embargo, riot or the intervention of any Governmental Authority, provided, however, that the Party so delayed immediately notifies the other Party of such delay. In no event shall such nonperformance by Licensee be excused due to any such event for longer than ninety (90) days.

10.16.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed and delivered (including by facsimile transmission) in one or more counterparts, and by the different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

10.17.Termination of Original Agreement. Pursuant to the Mutual Termination Agreement set forth in Exhibit B attached hereto, the Original Agreement shall be terminated as of the Effective Date. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, this Agreement shall not become effective unless and until the Mutual Termination Agreement set forth in Exhibit B is executed. [SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE] 15

house.sina.com.cn jiaju.sina.com.cn construction.sina.com.cn 17 Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014

THIS MUTUAL TERMINATION AGREEMENT (“Termination Agreement”) is made and entered into this day of , 2009, by and between Beijing SINA Internet Information Service Co. (“Beijing SINA”) and Shanghai SINA Leju Information Technology Co. Ltd. (“SINA Leju”).

WHEREAS, Beijing SINA and SINA Leju entered into that certain Domain Name License Agreement dated May 8, 2008 (the “Original Agreement”); and WHEREAS, Beijing SINA and SINA Leju desire to mutually terminate the Original Agreement effective as of the date of this Termination Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and conditions contained herein, and other good and valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged by each of the parties hereto, the parties agree as follows:

1.Beijing SINA and SINA Leju agree that, upon the date of execution of this Termination Agreement, the Agreement shall terminate and be of no further force or effect, and, for the avoidance of doubt, no provisions of the Original Agreement survive such termination.

2.This Termination Agreement represents the complete, integrated, and entire agreement between the parties, and may not be modified except in writing signed by the parties.

3.This Termination Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the PRC, without regard to conflicts of law principles.

4.This Termination Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument.

5.This Termination Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. [SIGNATURES ON NEXT PAGE] 18 Source: LEJU HOLDINGS LTD, DRS (on F-1), 1/21/2014 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned have executed this Termination Agreement as of the date first set forth above.

THIS AGREEMENTis made as of this 2nd day of June, 2008 by and among Digicorp, Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, United States of America with offices at 4143 Glencoe Avenue, Unit B, Marina Del Rey, California 90291, U.S.A.( "COMPANY") and New China Media LLC, a Florida limited liability company (a/k/a New China Media Limited) with offices at 400 Alton Road, Penthouse 7, Miami Beach, Florida 33139 ("NCM"); YGP, LLC, a Florida limited liability company with offices at 4000 Hollywood Blvd, Suite 485 South, Hollywood, Florida, 33021 ("YGP") and TWK Holdings, LLC with offices at Room 4301, 43/F, Jardine House , One Connaught Place, Central, Hong Kong (T"WK") (NCM, YGP and TWK shall be individually and collectively referred to as "CONTENT PROVIDE"R) (COMPANY and CONTENT PROVIDER are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the "Parties").

W I T N E S S E T H:

WHEREAS, COMPANY intends to build and maintain web sites based in the People’s Republic of China which will include content provided to COMPANY by third parties for the purpose of providing information to users of the web site, and providing access to the products and/or services of such third parties; WHEREAS, CONTENT PROVIDER haacsq uired from one or more third parties (individually a "Licensor" and collectively the "Licensors") the right to distribute by means of the internet certain content described more fully in the attached Exhibit A (the "Current Content") and intends to acquire from Licensors in the future the right to distribute by means of the internet additional content (the "Future Content") (the Current Content and the Future Content are hereinafter sometimes collectively referred to as the "Content"); and, WHEREAS, COMPANY and CONTENPTR OVIDER wish to distribute the Content through the web sites referred to above.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration otfh e promises and the mutual covenants of this Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

A. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, CONTENT PROVIDER hereby grants and assigns by means of present assignment to COMPANY and COMPANY hereby assumes for the Term of this Agreement (as set forth in paragraph 8, below), CONTENT PROVIDER’S rights and obligations regarding the Content from Licensors as set forth in Exhibit A with respect to the right and license for the territory of the People Republic of China to use, reproduce, distribute, transmit and publicly display the Current Content and the Future Content by means of the internet in accordance with Exhibit A and this Agreement. In this regard, it is specifically understood and agreed that CONTENT PROVIDER will not during the Term of this Agreement takaen y action to exploit or otherwise use, reproduce, distribute, transmit and publicly display any of the Content via the internet to Universities and College students in the People’s Republic of China except for the benefit of the COMPANY.

B. CONTENT PROVIDER further grants tCo OMPANY (i) the right to sublicense the Content to COMPANY’S wholly-owned subsidiaries or to joint ventures in which COMPANY participates for the sole purpose of using, reproducing, distributing, transmitting and publicly displaying the Content in accordance with this Agreement; and, (ii) the right, in COMPANY’S discretion, to use and exploit the Content at one or more other web sites in addition to or in lieu of the web sites referred to in the recital above (the web sites referred to above and any other web sites in addition to or in lieu thereof where COMPANY, its subsidiaries or joint ventures in which it might participate might use or exploit the Content are hereinafter collectively referred to as the "Web site").

A. In consideration for the license of rights granted hereunder in the Current Content, COMPANY hereby agrees to issue to YGP 16,200 shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for which YGP will pay COMPANY the sum of $1.00 per share or $16,200 in thea ggregate; NCM 3,000 of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock for which NCM will pay COMPANY the sum of $1.00 per share or $3,000 in the aggregate and TWK 12,000 of its Series A ConvertibleP referred Stock for which TWK will pay COMPANY the sum of $1.00 per share or$ 12,000 in the aggregate. Prior to the execution hereof, CONTENT PROVIDER has been furnished with a copy of thCe ertificate of Designation for the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock and is fully familiar with the terms and conditions thereof.

B. In addition to the foregoing, and subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable content agreement with such Licensor, COMPANY agrees to pay directlyt o each Licensor from whom CONTENT PROVIDER might obtain Content which CONTENPTR OVIDER licenses to COMPANY pursuant hereto a royalty equal to that royaltyw hich CONTENT PROVIDER might be obligated to pay to that Licensor with respect to the use and exploitation of that Content in the manner licensed to and actually used by COMPANY pursuant hereto provided, however, unless the Parties might agree in writing to the contrary, in no event will COMPANY be obligated to pay such Licensor for the use of such Content more than fifty percent (50.0%) of all revenues generated during the Term of this Agreement from banner advertising that appears on Web site pages that display that Content or any portion thereof and with respect to which at least a majority of the content (excluding advertisements) on such pages is composed of the Content (the "Net Advertising Revenue").

C. Subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable content agreement with such Licensor, the Net Advertising Revenue shall be calculated on a quarterly calendar basis (the "Net Advertising Revenue Period") and shall be payable no later than sixty (60) days after the termination of the preceding full quarter-annual period, i.e., commencing on the first (1st) day of January, April, July and October except that the first and last calendar periods may be "short," depending on the effective date of this Agreement.

D. For each Net Advertising Revenue Period,C OMPANY shall provide the Licensor of such Content with a written statement of account setting out the actual number of visits to the Web Site during the applicable Net Advertising Revenue Period. Such statement shall be furnished to the Licensor of such Content regardless of whether any visits to the Web site were made during the applicable period.

E. COMPANY’S obligation for the payment oft he Net Advertising Revenue shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement and will continue for as long as COMPANY continues to use the Content.

F. For the avoidance of doubt or confusion, the sole consideration paid or payable to CONTENT PROVIDER pursuant to thisA greement is that provided for in paragraph 2A hereof and in no event will CONTENT PROVIDER be entitled to receive any participation in any of the revenuews hich COMPANY might derive from the Content.

A. CONTENT PROVIDER will provide to COMPANtYhe Content, which will comply with the description attached hereto as Exhibit A.

B. CONTENT PROVIDER will have solree sponsibility for providing, at its expense, the Content to COMPANY. CONTENTP ROVIDER and COMPANY will determine mutually agreeabl e methods for the transmission and incorporation of updates to the Content.

A. Subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable content agreement with such Licensor, COMPANY may incorporate the Content into certain pages in the Web Site (the "Content Pages") and reasonable excerpts or portions of the Content may be incorporated into the Web site at COMPANY’S discretion.

B. COMPANY shall have sole control over the content, composition, and "look and feel" of the Web site, and will have sole responsibility for providing, hosting and maintaining, at its own expense, the Web site.

A. Subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable content agreement with such Licensor, CONTENT PROVIDER will havseo le control and responsibility over the data and information contained in the Content.

B. CONTENT PROVIDER will not alter thCe ontent without COMPANY’S prior written consent; provided, however, that, subject to the terms and conditions of the applicable content agreement with such Licensor,CONTENT PROVIDER may promptly and without prior consent of COMPANY make any changes in the Content to correct errors and the like, or to remove any defamatory materials or any other materials that CONTENT PROVIDER cadne monstrate are offensive to a reasonable number of users of the Web site.

A. COMPANY will maintain accurate books and records with respect to the calculation of all payments due under this Agreement. The Licensors shall have the right, upon reasonable notice, to inspect COMPANY’S books and records and all other documents and material inC OMPANY’S possession or control with respect to the Content each has or might license to CONTENT PROVIDER which becomes the subject matter of this Agreement( and only with respect to Content each has or might license to CONTENT PROVIDER which become the subject matter hereof).

B. All books and records relative to COMPANY’S obligations to a particular Licensor hereunder shall be maintained and made accessible to that Licensor for inspection at a location in Los Angeles, California for at least twelve (12) months after termination of this Agreement.

C. Each report rendered by COMPANY to aL icensor hereunder shall become final and incontestable twelve (12) months following the date COMPANY might render same to that Licensor unless prior to the expiration of that twelve (12) month period that Licensor provides COMPANYw ith a detailed written objection thereto.

A. CONTENT PROVIDER, LICENSORS or eithert hoefm , as appropriate, shall retain all worldwide rights, title and interest in and to the Content (including, but not limited to, ownership of all copyrights and other intellectual property rights therein), as well as all right, title and interest in and to their and each of their trademarks, service marks and trade names, worldwide, including any goodwill associated therewith, subject to the limited license granted to COMPANY hereunder.

B. COMPANY will retain all worldwide rights,t itle, and interest in and to the Web Site (including, but not limited to, ownership of all copyrights, trademarks, look and feel and other intellectual property rights therein), as well as all right, title and interest in and to its trademarks, service marks and trade names worldwide, including any goodwill associated therewith, subject to the limited license granted Source: MIDWEST ENERGY EMISSIONS CORP., 8-K, 6/4/2008

to CONTENT PROVIDERhe reunder. Any use of any such trademarks by CONTENT PROVIDER shall inure to theb enefit of COMPANY and CONTENT PROVIDER shall take no action that is inconsistent with COMPANY’S ownership thereof.

C. Each party hereby grants to the other a non-exclusive, limited royalty-free license to use its trademarks, service marks or trade names only as specifically described in this Agreement. All such use shall be in accordance with each party’s reasonable policies regarding advertising and trademark usage as established from time to time.

A. This Agreement and the provisions hereof, except as otherwise provided, shall be in full force and effect commencing on the date of execution by both Parties and shall extend for an initial term of two

(2) years. This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional extended terms each of two

(2) years duration unless either party notifies the other in writing of its intention not to renew the Agreement, such notification to be provided at least ninety (90) days prior to the expiration of the then in-effect term. The initial two (2) year term as it might be extended herein is referred to herein as the "Term."

B. Notwithstanding anything in the foregoing paragraph to the contrary, with respect to each item of Current Content or Future Content the Term during which COMPANY may use and exploit same shall commence on the date hereof and continue for that period of time which is the longer of: (i) two

(2) years following the date on which CONTENT PROVIDER might make full delivery of such Content to COMPANY; and (ii) the duration of the term of the license concerning that Content between CONTENT PROVIDER and its Licensor thereof.

A. This Agreement may be terminated by either party upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other in the event of a breach of a material provision hereof unless, during that thirty (30) day period, the party receiving the notice cures the breach.

B. COMPANY may, in its unfettered discretion, terminate this Agreement at any time after first giving CONTENT PROVIDER ten (10) days advance notice thereof.

A. The termination or expiration of this Agreement will in no way affect COMPANY’S obligation to render reports or pay sums shown as owing thereon for periods of time prior to the termination or expiration of this Agreement;.

B. The warranties, representations and indemnity obligations of this Agreement will survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.

A. "Confidential Information" shall mean any confidential technical data, trade secret, know-how or other confidential information disclosed by any party hereunder in writing, orally, by drawing or otherwise.

B. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Confidential Information shall not include information which: (i) is known to the receiving party at the time of disclosure or becomes known to the receiving party without breach of this Agreement; (ii) is or becomes publicly known through no wrongful act of the

C. The receiving party agrees that it will not disclose any Confidential Information to any third party and will not use Confidential Information of the disclosing party for any purpose other than for the performance of the rights and obligations hereunder during the term of this Agreement and for a period of three (3) years thereafter, without the prior written consent of the disclosing party. The receiving party further agrees that Confidential Information shall remain the sole property of the disclosing party and that it will take all reasonable precautions to prevent any unauthorized disclosure of Confidential Information by its employees. No license shall be granted by the disclosing party to the receiving party with respect to Confidential Information disclosed hereunder unless otherwise expressly provided herein.

D. Upon the request of the disclosing party, the receiving party will promptly return all Confidential Information furnished hereunder and all copies thereof.

E. The Parties agree that all publicity and public announcements concerning the formation and existence of this Agreement shall be jointly planned and coordinated by and among the Parties. Neither party shall disclose any of the specific terms of this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent shall not be withheld unreasonably. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any party may disclose information concerning this Agreement as required by the rules, orders, regulations, subpoenas or directives of a court, government or governmental agency, after giving prior notice to the other party.

F. If a party breaches any of its obligations with respect to confidentiality and unauthorized use of Confidential Information hereunder, the non-breaching party shall be entitled to equitable relief to protect its interest therein, including but not limited to injunctive relief, as well as money damages notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein.

G. Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement, neither party will make any public statement, press release or other announcement relating to the terms of or existence of this Agreement without the prior written approval of the other, which approval shall not be unreasonably withheld.

(i) CONTENT PROVIDER has the full righpt,o wer, legal capacity and authority to enter into this Agreement, to carry out the terms and conditions hereof and to grant to COMPANY the rights, licenses and privileges herein granted to COMPANY. Except as otherwise provided herein, CONTENT PROVIDER does not need the consent or release of any other person, firm or entity in order for CONTENT PROVIDER to enter into this Agreement and to grant to COMPANY the rights granted pursuant to this Agreement.

(ii) With respect to the Content and each item thereof, the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by CONTENT PROVIDER shall not violate or contravene any certificate of incorporation or by-laws of CONTENT PROVIDER or any agreement or otheinr strument to which CONTENT PROVIDER is a partyT. his Agreement has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by CONTENT PROVIDER.

(iii) With respect to the Content and each item thereof, neither the Content nor anything contained therein (including, but not limited to, the title thereof and any music and sound synchronized Source: MIDWEST ENERGY EMISSIONS CORP., 8-K, 6/4/2008

therewith), nor any use or distribution or exploitation of the Content, nor any exercise by COMPANY of any or all of the rights granted toC OMPANY pursuant to this Agreement, nor any materials delivered hereunder shall at any time during the Term as it might be extended, violate or infringe upon any right or interest of any person or entity, including, but not limited to, any copyright, literary right, dramatic right, privacy right, musical right, publicity right, artistic right, personal right, property right, civil right, trademark right, trade name, service mark or any other right or interest of any person or entity.

(iv) With respect to the Content and each item thereof, during the Term as it might be extended, there shall not be any actual or threatened liens, claims, encumbrances, legal proceedings, restrictions, agreements or understandings which will conflict or interfere with, limit, derogate from, or be inconsistent with, or otherwise affect any of the provisions of this Agreement, any of the representations and warranties of CONTENT PROVIDER contained herein or the enjoyment by COMPANY of any or all of the rights granted to COMPANY hereunder.

(v) With respect to the Content and each item thereof, CONTENT PROVIDER owns and controls and shall for the full Term as it might be extended own and control, any and all rights necessary to enable CONTENT PROVIDER to grant to COMPANY the rights granted pursuant to this Agreement and to enable COMPANY to exercise and enjoy ther ights granted to COMPANY pursuant to this Agreement (without COMPANY incurringa ny obligation or liability to any person or entity) including, but not limited to, all performance rights and advertising rights and all other rights granted to COMPANY hereunder in and to all literary, dramatic, musical and other material contained in the Content and each item thereof. With respect to the Content and each item thereof, CONTENT PROVIDER has secured and obtained, and CONTENT PROVIDER shamll aintain throughout the Term as it might be extended all rights as may be required for the full and unlimited exercise and enjoyment by COMPANY of each and all of the rights herein granted to COMPANY.

(vi) All obligations and amounts payable with respect to the Content and each item thereof or with respect to the production, distribution and exploitation thereof, including, but not limited to, all salaries, royalties, license fees, laboratory charges, union obligations and the like, have been and shall be fully paid and satisfied by CONTENT PROVIDER or third partiesC. OMPANY shall have no obligation for past, current or future salaries, royalties, laboratory charges, or similar payments with respect to the Content and each item thereof.

(vii) The Content and each item thereof are not in the public domain and are validly copyrighted in the territories in which CONTENT PROVIDER has licensed COMPANY rights in the Content. The Content and each item thereof will not fall into the public domain anywhere in the territories in which CONTENT PROVIDER has licensed COMPANY rights in the Conte nt prior to the expiration of the Term as it might be extended. Each Program, as delivered, will contain all proper copyright notices required or permitted under any applicable statute, act or treaty.

(viii) Each CONTENT PROVIDER understands that thPer eferred Shares being acquired by each CONTENT PROVIDER hereunder and anuyn derlying securities (collectively referred to herein as the "Securities"), have not been registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Act"), and are being issued under an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(2) of the Act. The Securities are being acquired by each CONTENT PROVIDER solely for its own account, for investment purposes only, and have not been acquired with a view to, or in connection with, any resale, distribution, subdivision or fractionalization thereof. Each CONTENT PROVIDER has naog reement or other arrangement, formal or informal, with any person to sell, transfer or pledge any part of the Securities. Each CONTENT PROVIDER understands that CONTENT PROVIDER must bear tehceo nomic risk of the investment for an indefinite period of time because the Securities cannot be resold or otherwise transferred unless they are subsequently registered under the Act or an exemption from such registration is available.

(ix) CONTENT PROVIDER’S warranties, representations and agreements are of thees sence of this Agreement and shall survive for the full Term as it might be extended. None of CONTENT PROVIDER’rSe presentations, warranties or agreements shall in any way be limited by reason of any investigation made by COMPANY of any documents, agreements or other materials submitted to COMPANY by CONTENT PROVIDER hereunder.

A. CONTENT PROVIDER shall, at its sole cosatn d expense, indemnify, save and hold harmless COMPANY and its successors,s ubdistributors, sublicensees, assigns, agents, representatives and affiliates from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of action, liability, loss, damage, cost and expense (including reasonable attorney’s fees and court costs) incurred or sustained by reason of or arising out of any breach or alleged breach of any of the warranties, representations or agreements herein made by CONTENT PROVIDER, or by reason of any action, claim or proceeding related to or arising out of such breach or alleged breach by CONTENT PROVIDERIn. the event that any person or entity shall make any claim or institute any suit or proceeding, COMPANY shall notify CONTENT PROVIDER in writing, and CONTENT PROVIDER must assume, at it own cost and expense, the defense thereof; provided, however, that COMPANY’S failure top rovide such notice shall not affect this indemnity unless CONTENT PROVIDER habse en materially prejudiced by such failure. COMPANY may, at its sole discretion, engage its own counsel in connection with any such suit, claim or proceeding, and the cost thereof (including reasonable fees and expenses) shall be borne by CONTENT PROVIDER provided thaCt ONTENT PROVIDER shall in any event fulfill its obligation to undertake COMPANY’S defense.T he final control and disposition of any claim, whether by settlement, compromise or otherwise, shall remain with COMPANY pursuant to the terms of this indemnification paragraph. In the event that CONTENTP ROVIDER fails to promptly make any required payment to COMPANY, COMPANY shall have the right to withhold for its own account any royalties or other monies payable to CONTENT PROVIDER by COMPANY pursuant to this Agreement or any other agreement between CONTENT PROVIDER and COMPANY.

B. COMPANY shall, at its sole cost ande xpense, indemnify, save and hold harmless CONTENT PROVIDER and its successors,s ubdistributors, sublicensees, assigns, agents, representatives and affiliates from and against any and all claims, demands, causes of action, liability, loss, damage, cost and expense (including reasonable attorney’s fees and court costs) incurred or sustained by reason of or arising out of any breach or alleged breach of any of the warranties, representations or agreements herein made by COMPANY, or by reason of any action, claim or proceeding related to or arising out of such breach or alleged breach by COMPANY. In the event that any person or entity shall make any claim or institute any suit or proceeding, CONTENT PROVIDER shalnlo tify COMPANY in writing, and COMPANY must assume, at it own cost and expense,t he defense thereof; provided, however, that CONTENT PROVIDER’S failure tpor ovide such notice shall not affect this indemnity unless COMPANY has beenm aterially prejudiced by such failure. CONTENT PROVIDER may, at its sole discretion, engage its own counsel inc onnection with any such suit, claim or proceeding, and the cost thereof (including reasonable fees and expenses) shall be borne by COMPANY provided thatC OMANY shall in any event fulfill its obligation to undertake CONTENT PROVIDER’dSe fense. The final control and disposition of any claim, whether by settlement, compromise or otherwise, shall remain with CONTENT PROVIDER pursuant to the terms of this indemnification paragraph. In the event that COMPANYf ails to promptly make any required payment to CONTENT PROVIDER, CONTENPTR OVIDER shall have the right to withhold for its own account any royalties or other monies payable to COMPANY by CONTENT PROVIDER pursuant to this Agreemento r any other agreement between COMPANY and CONTENT PROVIDER.

C. IN NO EVENT WILL CONTENT PROVIDER LBIEA BLE TO COMPANY NOR WILL

OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON BREACHCO ONFT RACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMATGHEE. LIABILITY OF

All notices, requests and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by courier or other means of personal service (including by means of a nationally recognized courier service or professional messenger service), or sent by telex or telecopy or mailed first class, postage prepaid, by certified mail, return receipt requested, in all cases, addressed as indicated in the introductory recital of this Agreement. All notices, requests and other communications shall be deemed given on the date of actual receipt or delivery as evidenced by written receipt, acknowledgment or other evidence of actual receipt or delivery to the address specified above. In case of service by telecopy, a copy of such notice shall be personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail, in the manner set forth above, within three (3) business days thereafter. Any party hereto may from time to time by notice in writing served as set forth above designate a different address or a different or additional Person to which all such notices or communications thereafter are to be given.

This Agreement is to be governed by and construed in accordance with the Laws of the State of California applicable to contracts made and to be performed wholly within such State, and without regard to the conflicts of laws principles thereof. Any suit brought hereon, whether in contract, tort, equity or otherwise, shall be brought in the state or federal courts sitting in Los Angeles County, California, the parties hereto hereby waiving any claim or defense that such forum is not convenient or proper. Each party hereby agrees that any such court shall have in personam jurisdiction over it, consents to service of process in any manner prescribed or authorized by California Law, and agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner specified by Law.

Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to this Agreement, or any agreements or instruments relating hereto or delivered in connection herewith or the breach, termination, enforcement, interpretation or validity thereof, including the determination of the scope or applicablility of this agreement to arbitrate, will at the request of any party be determined by arbitration in Los Angeles, California before three (3) arbitrators under the rules of the JAMS. Judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrators may be entered in any court having jurisdiction. The institution and maintenance of an action for judicial relief in pursuit of a provisional or ancillary remedy shall not constitute a waiver of the right of any party, including the plaintiff, to submit the controversy or claim to arbitration.

In any suit, action, arbitration or other proceeding to interpret or enforce this Agreement, the prevailing party therein shall, in addition to any other award of damage or other remedy, be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.

The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto, their heirs, administrators, successors and assigns.

If any term, clause or provision hereof is held invalid or unenforceable by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity shall not affect the validity or operation of any other term, clause o provision and such invalid term, clause or provision shall be deemed severed from this Agreement.

Each of COMPANY and CONTENT PROVIDER agrees to execute and deliver such othdeor cuments or agreements and take such other action as may be reasonably necessary or desirable for the implementation of this Agreement and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby.

This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the Parties, and revokes and supersedes all prior agreements between the Parties and is intended as a final expression of their Agreement. It shall not be modified or amended except in writing signed by the Parties hereto and specifically referring to this Agreement. This Agreement shall take precedence over any other documents which may conflict with this Agreement.

IN WITNESS WHEREO, Fthe Parties hereto, intending to be legally bound hereby, have each caused to be affixed hereto his or its hand the day indicated.

By /s/ Dennis Pelino By /s/ Jay Rifkin Name: Dennis Pelino Name: Jay Rifkin Title: Chairman Title: CEO "CONTENT PROVIDER":

By /s/ Dennis Pelino Name: Dennis Pelino Title: Managing Partner "CONTENT PROVIDER":

TWK Holdings, LLC Source: MIDWEST ENERGY EMISSIONS CORP., 8-K, 6/4/2008 By /s/ Beh Chong Wah Name: Beh Chong Wah Title: Managing Member

DIGICORP, INC. AND NEW CHINA MEDIA, LLC; YGP, LLC and TWK HOLDINGS, LLC DATED June 2, 2008

Supply Agreement for Content dated May 31, 2008 among Yes Television (Hong Kong) Limited, New China Media Limited and Youth Media "HKG" Limited, a copy of which is annexed hereto.

Content derived from AVP, Inc. and other film content on a non-exclusive basis Source: MIDWEST ENERGY EMISSIONS CORP., 8-K, 6/4/2008

This TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is effective as of the [·] day of [·], 2019 (“Effective Date”) between Morgan Stanley Investment Management Inc. (“Licensor”), and Morgan Stanley Direct Lending Fund, a Delaware corporation (“Licensee”). WHEREAS, Licensor is the owner of all rights to the trademark “Morgan Stanley” and the “Morgan Stanley” design (collectively, the “Brand”); WHEREAS, Licensee is a closed-end investment company that has elected to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (together with the rules promulgated thereunder) (the “Licensee Business”); WHEREAS, in connection with Licensee’s public filings, requests for information from state and federal regulators, offering materials and advertising materials, and press releases, Licensee desires to state in such materials that investment advisory services are being provided by Licensor (or an affiliate thereof) to Licensee (collectively, the “Permitted Activity”); and WHEREAS, Licensor is willing to permit Licensee to use the Brand for the Permitted Activity, subject to the terms and conditions herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the mutual promises and covenants contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows:

Section 1.1.License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions herein, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non- transferable, and (subject to Section 1.2 hereof) non-sublicensable license for the use of the Brand solely for the Permitted Activity.

Section 1.2.Sublicensing. Licensee may sublicense its rights under Section 1.1 solely to a current or future wholly owned subsidiary of Licensee, and then only with the prior written consent of Licensor (which shall not be unreasonably withheld), provided that any such sublicense shall terminate automatically, with no need for written notice to the sublicensee, if (a) such entity ceases to be a wholly owned subsidiary of Licensee, (b) this Agreement terminates for any reason or (c) such sublicensee materially breaches its sublicense in a manner that harms the Brand and does not cure the same within 15 days after notice from Licensor or Licensee. Licensee shall notify Licensor promptly after becoming aware that any sublicensee has breached its sublicense and shall ensure that all sublicenses provide (i) for the foregoing termination rights of Licensor and (ii) obligations for sublicensee with respect to the Brand that are consistent with those of Licensee herein. Any act or omission by a sublicensee that would breach this Agreement if committed by Licensee shall constitute a breach of this Agreement by Licensee.

2.Ownership. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that, as between the parties, Licensor is the sole owner of all right, title and interest in and to the Brand. Licensee agrees not to do anything inconsistent with such ownership, including (i) filing to register any trademark or service mark containing the Brand or (ii) directly or indirectly challenging, contesting or otherwise Source: MORGAN STANLEY DIRECT LENDING FUND, 10-12G/A, 11/19/2019 disputing the validity, enforceability or Licensor’s ownership of the Brand (and the associated goodwill), including without limitation, in any claim, allegation, action, demand, proceeding or suit (“Action”) regarding enforcement of this Agreement or involving any third party. The parties intend that any and all goodwill in the Brand arising from Licensee’s or any applicable sublicensees’ Permitted Activity shall inure solely to the benefit of Licensor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that Licensee or any sublicensee is deemed to own any rights in the Brand, Licensee hereby irrevocably assigns (or shall cause such sublicensees to assign), without further consideration, such rights to Licensor together with all goodwill associated therewith.

Section 3.1.Quality Control. Licensee’s Permitted Activity shall be in a manner consistent with Licensor’s high standards of and reputation for quality, and in accordance with good trademark practice wherever any of the same are used. Licensee shall not take any action that could reasonably be expected to harm the Brand or the goodwill associated therewith. Licensee shall use with the Brand any applicable trademark notices as may be requested by Licensor or required under applicable laws, regulations, stock exchange and other rules (“Laws”) and reputable industry practice.

Section 3.2.Prior Written Approval. Prior to using the Brand in any manner, Licensee shall submit all proposed uses to Licensor for prior written approval.

Section 3.3.Compliance with Laws. Licensee shall, at its sole expense, comply at all times with all applicable Laws and reputable industry practice pertaining to the Licensee Business and Permitted Activity.

Section 4.1.Term. The term of this Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues in perpetuity, unless termination occurs pursuant to Sections 4.2 through 4.4.

Section 4.2.Termination for Convenience. Licensor reserves the right to terminate this Agreement immediately upon written notice for any reason, including if the usage of the Brand is not in compliance with the standards and policies.

Section 4.3.Termination for Breach. If either party materially breaches one or more of its obligations hereunder, the other party may terminate this Agreement, effective upon written notice, if the breaching party does not cure such breach within 15 days after written notice thereof (or any mutually agreed extension). Licensor may terminate this Agreement immediately, effective upon written notice, if (i) Licensee attempts to violate Section 8 or (ii) a sublicensee materially breaches its sublicense in a manner that harms the Brand, and (a) such sublicensee does not cure the same within 15 days after notice from Licensor or Licensee or (b) Licensee does not terminate such sublicense within 15 days after notice from Licensor.

Section 4.4.Termination of Advisory Agreement. This Agreement shall terminate automatically without notice and immediately (a) if MS Capital Partners Adviser Inc. or another affiliate of Licensor is no longer acting as the investment adviser (any such entity, the “Advisor”) to Licensee under the Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of [·], 201[9] (as the same may 2

Section 4.5.Effect of Termination; Survival. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, (a) Licensee shall immediately, except as required by applicable Law, (i) cease all use of the Permitted Activity; and (b) the parties shall cooperate so as to best preserve the value of the Brand. Section 2, this Section 4.5, and Sections 6.2, 6.3, 7 and 9 shall survive termination of this Agreement.

5.Infringement. Licensee shall notify Licensor promptly after it becomes aware of any actual or threatened infringement, imitation, dilution, misappropriation or other unauthorized use or conduct in derogation (“Infringement”) of the Brand. Licensor shall have the sole right to bring any Action to remedy the foregoing, and Licensee shall cooperate with Licensor in same, at Licensor’s expense.

Section 6.1.Each party represents and warrants to the other party that:

(a)This Agreement is a legal, valid and binding obligation of the warranting party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, subject to the effect of any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws affecting creditors’ rights and remedies generally, and subject, as to enforceability, to the effect of general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is considered in a proceeding at law or in equity);

(b)The warranting party is not subject to any judgment, order, injunction, decree or award that would interfere with its performance of any of its obligations hereunder; and

(c)The warranting party has full power and authority to enter into and perform its obligations under this Agreement in accordance with its terms.

Section 6.2.EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN SECTION 6.1, LICENSOR MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES,

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES, INCLUDING ANY WITH RESPECT TO TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, VALUE, RELIABILITY OR FITNESS FOR USE. LICENSEE’S USE OF THE PERMITTED ACTIVITY IS SOLELY ON AN “AS-IS” BASIS.

Section 6.3.EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO LICENSEE’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 7, NEITHER PARTY WILL

(INCLUDING LOST PROFITS OR GOODWILL, BUSINESS 3 Source: MORGAN STANLEY DIRECT LENDING FUND, 10-12G/A, 11/19/2019 INTERRUPTION AND THE LIKE) RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF IT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Section 7.1.Indemnity by Licensee. Licensee will defend at its expense, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor and its affiliates and its and their respective directors, officers, employees, shareholders, investors, agents and representatives from any losses, liabilities, obligations, damages, awards, settlements, judgments, fees, costs or expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs of suit) arising out of or relating to any third-party Action against any of them that arises out of or relates to (i) any breach by Licensee of this Agreement or its warranties, representations, covenants and undertakings hereunder, (ii) Licensee’s operation of the Licensee Business or (iii) any claim that Licensee’s use of the Brand, other than as explicitly authorized by this Agreement, Infringes the rights of a third party.

Section 7.2.Indemnification Procedure. Licensor will promptly notify Licensee in writing of any indemnified claim and promptly as practicable tender its defense to Licensee. Any delay in such notice or tender will not relieve Licensee from its obligations to the extent it is not prejudiced thereby. Licensor will cooperate with Licensee at Licensee’s expense in the defense of any indemnified claim. Licensee may not settle any indemnified claim without Licensor’s prior written consent in Licensor’s sole discretion. Licensor may participate in its defense of an indemnified claim with counsel of its own choice at its own expense.

8.Assignments. Licensee may not assign, transfer, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber this Agreement or its right to use the Brand (or assume this Agreement in bankruptcy), in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Licensor in its sole discretion, except for an assignment outside of bankruptcy to a successor organization that is solely the result of a name change by Licensee. For the avoidance of doubt, a merger, change of control, reorganization or sale of all or substantially all of the stock of Licensee shall be deemed an “assignment” requiring the above consent, regardless of whether Licensee is the surviving entity or whether such transaction constitutes an assignment under applicable law. Licensee acknowledges that its identity is a material condition that induced Licensor to enter into this Agreement. Any attempted action in violation of the foregoing shall be null and void ab initio and of no force or effect, and shall result in immediate termination of this Agreement. In the event of a permitted assignment hereunder, this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective permitted assigns.

Section 9.1.Notice. Any notices herein shall be deemed to have been duly given if (i) delivered or delivered by facsimile, when received, (ii) sent by U.S. Express Mail or recognized overnight courier, on the following business day or (iii) delivered by electronic mail, when received: 4

Section 9.2.Integration. This Agreement contains the entire agreement among the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings (including, without limitation, any prior agreements between Licensee and Licensor), with respect thereto.

Section 9.3.Amendments. Neither this Agreement, nor any terms hereof, may be amended except in an instrument in writing executed by the parties.

Section 9.4.Governing Law. THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED AND INTERPRETED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. EACH OF THE PARTIES IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY SUBMITS TO THE

Section 9.5.Waiver of Jury Trial. EACH PARTY HEREBY IRREVOCABLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY WAIVES TO THE FULLEST EXTENT

TO OR ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT. LICENSEE AGREES THAT LICENSOR WOULD BE IRREPARABLY HARMED BY ANY BREACH OF THIS AGREEMENT BY LICENSEE THAT HARMS THE BRAND, AND THAT LICENSOR MAY (IN ADDITION TO ITS OTHER RIGHTS AND REMEDIES HEREIN) SEEK TEMPORARY, PRELIMINARY OR PERMANENT INJUNCTIVE RELIEF (INCLUDING SPECIFIC PERFORMANCE) TO ENJOIN OR PREVENT ANY SUCH BREACH, WITHOUT POSTING BOND OR OTHER SECURITY.
