Enrollment in the Affiliate Program; Restricted Content To enroll in the Affiliate Program, you must submit a complete “Affiliate Registration Form” via the Chase Affiliate Website: For new affiliates: https://ssl.linksynergy.com/php-bin/reg/sregister.shtml?mid=2291 For existing affiliates: http://www.linkshare.com/joinprograms?oid=87909 Chase will evaluate your registration form and will notify you via e-mail of the acceptance or rejection of your registration form. Chase reserves, in its sole discretion, with or without reason, the right to accept or reject your registration into the Chase Affiliate Program, including but not limited to a determination that your site is unsuitable for or incompatible with the Affiliate Program based on the following criteria (collectively “Restricted Content”): • Incorporates images or content that is any way unlawful, offensive, profane, harmful, threatening, defamatory, obscene, harassing or racially, ethically or otherwise objectionable • Promote illegal activities, including gambling • Promotes or depicts sexually explicit, obscene or pornographic images • Promotes or depicts violence or hate speech • Promotes discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age • Incorporates any materials which infringe or assist others to infringe on any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property rights • Contains or promotes politically sensitive or controversial issues Chase also reserves the right to terminate this Agreement in the event that any Restricted Content is incorporated on Affiliate’s site after acceptance of your registration form and the commencement of the term of this Agreement. Chase may also terminate this Agreement if your site is deemed unsuitable based on the criteria below: • Manipulates key word searches on portals • Misrepresents itself as a Chase Website by altering the visual “look and feel” of or text from Chase’s site, and/or engage in “framing” the Chase Website • Engages in domain squatting • Engages in spamming or unsolicited commercial e-mail • Engages in unauthorized telemarketing or remarketing of Chase Credit Card offers via telephone • Uses Chase products and services in the domain name, URL or URI, including, but not limited to, any combination of the following words: • JP • MORGAN • CHASE • MANHATTAN • AARP • AMAZON.COM • BALL STATE UNIVERSITY • BORDERS • BRITISH AIRWAYS • CASH PLUS • CHASE FREEDOM • CENTRAL MICHIGAN UNIVERSITY • CONTINENTAL • CORNELL UNIVERSITY • DISNEY • DUKE UNIVERSITY • FLEXIBLE REWARDS • FREE CASH • HARVARD COOP • HESS • HOME IMPROVEMENT • LEHIGH UNIVERSITY • LOUISIANA STATE UNIVERSITY • MARATHON • MARRIOTT • MIAMI UNIVERSITY • OHIO UNIVERSITY • OVERSTOCK • PERFECT CARD • PRIORITY CLUB / HOLIDAY INN • SONY • SOUTHERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY • SPEEDWAY SUPER AMERICA • STARBUCKS • SUBARU • TEMPLE UNIVERSITY • TOYS "R" US • TRAVEL PLUS • TRUMP • ULTIMATE REWARDS • UNITED • UNIVERSAL • UNIVERSITY OF ARIZONA ATHLETICS • UNIVERSITY OF CHICAGO • UNIVERSITY OF FLORIDA • UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON • UNIVERSITY OF IDAHO • UNIVERSITY OF KENTUCKY • UNIVERSITY OF MARYLAND • UNIVERSITY OF MEMPHIS • UNIVERSITY OF MINNESOTA ATHLETICS • UNIVERSITY OF NOTRE DAME • UNIVERSITY OF OKLAHOMA • UNIVERSITY OF OREGON • UNIVERSITY OF SOUTH CAROLINA • UNIVERSITY OF TENNESSEE • UNIVERSITY OF VIRGINIA • UTAH STATE UNIVERSITY • VALUE MILES • VIRGINIA TECH APPROVED ACCOUNT • VOLKSWAGEN • WESTERN ILLINOIS UNIVERSITY • YALE UNIVERSTIY • Uses a proxy server or redirector server to proxy Chase web pages or web sites through your website, URL or URI • Otherwise violates intellectual property rights, including, without limitation, “scraping” text or images from Chase’s Website • Does not clearly state an online privacy policy to its visitors • Is based outside of the United States • Is otherwise considered offensive or inappropriate, at Chase’s discretion

Affiliate Responsibilities: • Affiliate cannot use or implement creative that is not available through the LinkShare affiliate interface. • Affiliates may not harvest or collect personal information, or email addresses using the Chase brand without the written consent of Chase • If Affiliate manages a sub-affiliate network, upon Chase’s request, Affiliate shall promptly provide Chase with a current, written list identifying the sub-affiliates or other third parties associated. • Chase reserves the right to review and approve all sub-affiliate partners. • Chase shall only use the list for the sole purpose of administering the program and monitoring proper usage, and will not poach or contact subaffiliates directly. • Affiliates will not use the following product keyword search terms. (See Appendix) • If Affiliate manages a sub-affiliate network, the Affiliate may not pay sub-affiliates or other partners higher referral fees than the lowest tier of the public offer ($55.00). • Affiliate is prohibited from (a) installing spyware on another person’s computer, (b) causing spyware to be installed on another person’s computer, or (c) using a context based triggering mechanism to display an advertisement that partially or wholly covers or obscures paid advertising or other content on an Internet website in a way that interferes with a user’s ability to view the Internet website.

Referral Fee For each Approved Account (as defined in section 4 below) received through Affiliate’s site, Affiliate will earn a referral fee calculated in accordance with the schedule set forth below (“Commission”) paid monthly. • Tiered or flat commission based on private offer terms in the network. Chase reserves the right to alter above referral fees from time to time upon written notice to Affiliate of such change.

Approved Account For purposes of determining Affiliate’s Commission, an “Approved Account” means any Chase credit card application that is: (i) submitted by any user who clicks on an e-mail, banner or any other advertising material from Affiliate’s Website; (ii) is approved by Chase; and (iii) is reported as approved by Chase to Affiliate. 5.Term of this Agreement The term of this Agreement will commence on the date that the Affiliate Registration Form is approved by Chase and will end when terminated by either party. Either Affiliate or Chase may terminate this Agreement at any time, with or without cause, by giving the other party written or e-mail notice of termination. At the time of termination, any links to Chase’s Website must be removed immediately. Affiliate will continue to receive Commission payments for all Approved Accounts placed during the term of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Chase may terminate this Agreement if Affiliate does not comply with the terms and conditions herein.

Links Affiliate agrees to place Chase’s links provided by Linkshare NetworkTM which manages the Affiliate Program (“Links”) on its Affiliate’s website. Affiliate is responsible for obtaining prior written approval from the Chase Affiliate manager or Linkshare Network to link any or all other sites owned or managed by the Affiliate, other than the site that was approved at the time of original registration. Affiliate may select or remove Links, at any time without prior approval from Chase. Affiliate is also responsible for removing and/or informing Chase of potential inactive or misdirected Links. Affiliate agrees to cooperate with Chase in establishing and maintaining Links.

Order Processing Chase will be solely responsible for processing each order placed by a customer from Affiliate’s Links. Customers may only use the Chase on-line application process to apply for a Chase credit card. “Customers” are defined herein as individuals who apply for Chase credit cards through a link in Affiliate’s Web site. Chase shall be responsible for administering application forms and related customer service. All of the rules, operating procedures and policies of Chase regarding customer orders and accounts will apply to orders received through the Links. Chase reserves the right to reject any credit card application in its sole discretion.

Tracking of Sales Chase will be solely responsible for tracking Approved Accounts made to customers who follow Affiliate’s Links. Affiliate will be solely responsible for ensuring that the Links are formatted properly and maintained in a manner, which allows Chase to track such Approved Accounts. No Commission shall be paid if the Approved Account cannot be tracked by Chase’s system or if the customer accesses the Chase site through means other than the Links. Chase will provide Affiliate with statements of Approved Account activity at the time Commissions are paid.

Terms and Conditions of Credit Cards Chase is solely responsible for determining the terms and conditions of the credit cards. The credit card offers may vary from time to time and are subject to change. Affiliate may not specify details regarding the Chase credit card on their Websites without the prior approval of Chase.

Chase Customers Customers who apply for Chase credit cards through the Chase Affiliate Program are customers of Chase. Affiliate has no authority to make or accept any offer on behalf of Chase. All Chase policies regarding customer orders, including availability, pricing and problem resolution, will apply to these customers. Affiliate has no authority to make, and Chase is not responsible for, any representations made by Affiliate that contradict these policies.

Product Descriptions Affiliate will only use credit card descriptions provided or approved in writing by Chase.

Copyrighted Material Affiliate is solely responsible for ensuring that its reviews and articles obey all applicable copyright and other laws. Generally, Affiliate must have express permission to use another party’s copyrighted or other proprietary material. Chase is not responsible for Affiliate’s improper use of another party’s copyrighted or proprietary material.

Commercial Use This program is intended for commercial use only. Commissions are payable for Approved Accounts to third parties who access the Chase URL's (marketing pages) through the Links located on Affiliate’s sponsoring Web site. Affiliates who use this program to apply for credit cards for their own use are NOT in violation of this Agreement.

Trademarks All Chase trademarks, trade names and service marks (collectively, the “Marks”) are the exclusive property of Chase. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement, Chase reserves full ownership of the Marks and the Licensed Materials (as defined below). All use of the Marks by Affiliate is limited solely to the use contemplated by this Agreement. All use of Chase Marks by Affiliate is subject to the prior written approval of Chase.

Licenses and Use of the Chase Logos and Trademarks Chase grants Affiliate a non-exclusive, nontransferable, revocable right to (a) access the Chase site through the links solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (b) solely in connection with such links, to use Chase’s logos, trade names, trademarks, and similar identifying material relating to Chase (collectively, the “Licensed Materials”), for the sole purpose of booking Chase products. Prior to using any of the Licensed Materials, Affiliate will submit to Chase for approval a draft of all proposed material that incorporates the Licensed Materials, together with a brief statement setting forth the proposed use of such materials and any other background or supporting material reasonably requested by Chase to allow Chase to make an informed judgment. All such materials shall be submitted to Chase at least seven (7) days prior to the date of first intended use. Chase will notify Affiliate of its approval or disapproval of such materials within five (5) business days of its receipt of all information required to be submitted. The approval or disapproval of such materials will be in Chase’s sole discretion. Any materials not receiving Chase’s specific written preliminary approval will be deemed disapproved. Affiliate may not alter, modify, or change the Licensed Materials in any way. Affiliate is only entitled to use the licensed materials to the extent that it is a member in good standing of the Chase Affiliate Program. Affiliate agrees not to use the Licensed Materials in any manner that is disparaging or that otherwise portrays Chase in a negative light. Chase may revoke Affiliate’s license at any time.

Service Interruption Certain technical difficulties may, from time to time, result in service interruptions. Affiliate agrees not to hold Chase responsible for the consequences of such interruptions.

Indemnification Affiliate hereby agrees to indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Chase, its shareholders, officers, directors, employees, agents, affiliates and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, successors and assigns, from and against any and all claims, demands, losses, liabilities, damages or expenses (including attorneys’ fees and costs) of any nature whatsoever incurred or suffered by Chase (collectively the “losses”), in so far as such losses (or actions in respect thereof) arise out of, are related to, or are based on (i) the breach of any representation, warranty, or covenant made by Affiliate herein; or (ii) any claim related to Affiliate’s site.

Confidentiality Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement or with the consent of the other party hereto, each of the parties hereto agrees that all information including, without limitation, the terms of this Agreement, business and financial information, customer and vendor lists, and pricing and sales information, concerning Chase, Customer or Affiliate shall remain strictly confidential and secret and shall not be utilized, directly or indirectly, by such party for its own business purposes or for any other purpose except and solely to the extent necessary to exercise rights and perform obligations under this Agreement. The foregoing restrictions will not apply to information to the extent it (i) was known to the receiving party at the time of disclosure; (ii) has become publicly known through no wrongful act of the receiving party; (iii) has been rightfully received from a third party under no obligation to the disclosing party; (iv) has been disclosed by court order or as otherwise required by law if the receiving party has given the disclosing party a reasonable opportunity to contest or limit the scope of such required disclosure.

Modification Chase reserves the right to change any and all of the terms and conditions in this Agreement, at any time and in its sole discretion, by posting a new agreement on its Website. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the amount of Commissions, the definition of Approved Accounts, and all other provisions of this Agreement are subject to change without notice other than posting such information on the Chase Website. IF ANY MODIFICATION IS UNACCEPTABLE TO AFFILIATE, THE ONLY RECOURSE IS TO TERMINATE THIS AGREEMENT. AFFILIATE’S CONTINUED PARTICIPATION IN THE AFFILIATE PROGRAM FOLLOWING CHASE’S POSTING OF A NEW AGREEMENT ON ITS WEB SITE WILL CONSTITUTE BINDING ACCEPTANCE OF THE CHANGE.

Warranty Disclaimer Chase makes no warranties, representations or conditions with regard to the Chase Affiliate Program or any services provided hereunder, whether express or implied, arising by law or otherwise, INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE OR NONINFRINGEMENT OR ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF COURSE OF PERFORMANCE, COURSE OF DEALING OR USAGE OF TRADE.

Limitation of Damages Chase shall have no liability for any indirect, incidental, special or consequential damages or any loss of revenue or profits arising under or with respect to this Agreement or the Affiliate Program, regardless of whether Chase has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Further, Chase’s aggregate liability arising under or with respect to this Agreement or the Affiliate Program shall in no event exceed the total Commissions paid or payable by Chase to Affiliate under this Agreement.

Independent Investigation AFFILIATE ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT HAS READ THIS AGREEMENT, HAS HAD AN OPPORTUNITY TO CONSULT WITH ITS OWN LEGAL ADVISERS IF IT SO DESIRED, AND AGREES TO ALL ITS TERMS AND CONDITIONS. AFFILIATE AGREES THAT, IN INTERPRETING THIS AGREEMENT, NO WEIGHT SHALL BE PLACED UPON THE FACT THAT THIS AGREEMENT HAS BEEN DRAFTED BY CHASE, AND IT SHALL NOT ASSERT THAT THIS AGREEMENT IS UNENFORCEABLE OR INVALID ON THE GROUNDS THAT IT IS A CONTRACT OF ADHESION, THAT IT IS UNCONSCIONABLE, OR ANY SIMILAR THEORY. AFFILIATE UNDERSTANDS THAT CHASE MAY AT ANY TIME (DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY) SOLICIT CUSTOMER REFERRALS ON TERMS THAT MAY DIFFER FROM THOSE CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT.

Governing Law This Agreement will be governed in all respects by the laws of the State of Delaware, including its conflict with law provisions. Accept. Appendix List of Restricted Trademark Terms Partner Restricted Trademark Terms Chase Brand Add Chase as a negative Keyword to your Search strategy. In addition, the following terms are prohibited: Chase, Chase bank, www.chase.com, www.creditcardsatchase.com, www.chasecreditcard.com, chase.com, creditcardsatchase.com, chasecreditcard.com, chase credit card, chase credit cards, Chase Freedom, Freedom Card AARP AARP.org, AARP.com, AARP membership, AARPmagazine.com, AARPhealthcare.com, AARP foundation, AARP passport, www.travelocity.com/AARP, AARP Bulletin, American Association of Retired Persons, AARP Insurance, AARP partner, AARP providers, AARP advocacy, Segunda Juventud, AARP Hot Deals Amazon Amazon, Amazon.com, www.amazon.com, Amazon Books, Amazon DVD, Amazon Movies, Amazon Music Borders Borders, Borders Stores, Borders Books, www.borders.com, www.bordersbooks.com Waldenbooks, Waldenbooks Stores, www.waldenbooks.com, www.waldenbooksstores.com British Air British Airways, British Air, www.britishairways.com, www.ba.com, ba, Continental See Continental Tab Disney See “Disney” Tab Hess Hess, www.hess.com, Amerada Holiday Inn/Priority Club Holiday Inn, Holiday Inn Express, Priority Club, IHG, www.ichotelsgroup.com, InterContinental, InterContinental Hotels Group, Crowne Plaza, Hotel Indigo, Staybridge Suites, Candlewood Suites, Marathon Marathon, Marathon Oil, Marathon Petroleum Company, Speedway, Speedway SuperAmerica, SuperAmerica Marriott www.marriottrewards.com, www.marriott.com, Marriott, Marriott Rewards Overstock overstock.com, www.overstock.com, overstocked.com, overstock/com, overstock com, overstock com, overstockcom, overstock .com, overstock?com, overstock>com, overstock, overstocked.com, overstocks.com, over stock.com, overstock .com, overstockcom Sony Sony, www.sonystyle.com, ImageStation, My Sony, Vaio, EverQuest Speedway Speedway SuperAmerica, Speedway, SuperAmerica, Speedy Rewards, Marathon, Marathon Oil, Marathon Petroleum Company Starbucks Starbucks, Starbucks Coffee, Starbucks Foundation, Starbucks Coffee Company, Starbucks Corporation Subaru Subaru, My Subaru, Subaru World, Subaru of America Toys www.toysrus.com, Toysrus.com, Toys “R” Us, Toys “R” Us International, Kids”R”Us, Babies”R”Us, Babiesrus.com, Toyologist, Toysrus/Amazon, Babiesrus/Amazon, www.personalizedbyrus.com Trump Trump, www.trump.com, The Apprentice, Trumped, Trump University, Trump Taj Mahal, Trump Plaza, Trump Marina, Trump Indiana, Trump Club Privee, Trump National Golf Club, Trump Tower, Trump Park Avenue, Trump World Tower, Trump International Hotel & Tower, Trump Place, Trump Palace, Trump Parc & Trump Parc East, Trump Grande, Mar-a-Lago United See “United” Tab Universal Universal, Universal Studios, Universal Movies, Unviersal Entertainment, Universal Hollywood, www.universal.com, Universal movie tickets, universal movie ticket, universal theme parks, universal discount, universal discounts, universal ticket, universal tickets, universal vacation, universal vacations, universal travel, universal deals, universal offer, universal offers, universal park, universal parks, universal getaway, universal getaways, universal family getaway, universal family getaways, universal deal, universal deals Volkswagen Volkswagen, Volkswagen International, Volkswagen Group, Volkswagen AG, Audi Disney Restricted Key Words cheap disney vacation disney world vacations cheap disney vacations disneyland bargain child vacation disneyland bargains childrens vacations disneyland cheap discount disney travel disneyland discount discount disney vacation disneyland discounts discount disney vacations disneyland offer discount vacation disneyland offers discount vacations disneyland promotion disney disneyland promotions disney bargain disneyland save disney bargains disneyland save disney cheap disneyland savings disney cruise disneyland savings disney cruise vacations disneyland travel disney deal disneyland trip disney discount disneyland trips disney family vacation disneyland vacation disney family vacations disneyland vacations disney florida vacation disneyworld bargain disney florida vacations disneyworld bargains disney golf vacations disneyworld cheap disney honeymoon disneyworld offer disney honeymoon vacation disneyworld offers disney honeymoons disneyworld promotions disney offer disneyworld save disney offers disneyworld savings disney package disneyworld vacation disney package vacations disneyworld vacations disney promotion family vacation disney promotions family vacations disney resort kid vacation disney resort vacation kids vacations disney resort vacations magic kingdom disney resorts orlando disney vacations disney savings orlando rentals disney travel orlando vacations disney travel package special disney travel disney vacation special vacation packages disney vacation club walt disney bargain disney vacations walt disney bargains disney vacations florida walt disney cheap disney vacations orlando walt disney deal disney world bargain walt disney deals disney world bargains walt disney offer disney world cheap walt disney offers disney world discount walt disney resort vacations disney world offer walt disney save disney world offers walt disney savings disney world package walt disney vacation disney world save walt disney vacations disney world savings walt disney world vacation disney world vacation walt disney world vacations United Restricted Key Words united airlines united air fare united united airlines reservations online united air united airline fare united.com United Escapes united airline international united flights www.united.com untied air united flight united first class unitedairlines.com United Vacation UAL united travel united airlines.com united star alliance ual.com united airlines specials united air lines united discounts www.unitedairlines.com united trip united airlines schedule travel with united united airline travel united airlines discounts united reservation united airlines official website www.ual.com united business class united express united airlines airports united reservations united airlines star alliance www.united airlines.com united non-stop flights united fares united packages united airline flight international united travel united and airlines united airlines economy plus United Vacations united airports united airlines tickets united group travel united airlines flights United Escape united express airlines easy update united flights united air vacations unitedair united fare sale United airfare united last minute fares www.united airlines united efares untied airlines united getaways www.unitedairlines united low fares united airline.com united airlines bookings united air line cities united flies united airlines travel fly on united united airlines homepage united airlines group travel united airlines website united airlines travel certificates united destinations United Easy Update united airline flights united airlines business travel united airlines home page united special deals United airfares united business travel e-fares untiedair united airlines site united economy class united airlines fares united package deals www.unitedairline.com international united ticket united airlines home international united tickets united airlines vacations shop for united flights vacation travel United EasyUpdate united specials fly with united www.united airline.com united e fares unitied airlines united travel certificates united deals united air star alliance international united flight united fare search united airlines online United Escapes united e-fares international united flight united airlines cities united airlines online united air fare united e-fares united airlines reservations online united airlines cities united airline fare Continental Restricted Key Words Continental airlines Continental air fare Continental Continental airlines reservations online continental.com Continental airline fare continental airline international Continental flights www.continental.com Continental air continental flight Continental first class continental air lines Continental Vacation continental airlines schedule Continental travel continental airline travel Continental airlines specials continental reservation Continental discounts continental reservations Continental trip continental fares travel with Continental continental airline flight Continental airlines discounts continental and airlines Continental airlines official website Continental Vacations Continental business class continental airlines tickets Continental airlines airports continental airlines flights Continental non stop flights continental flights continental airlines Continental packages continental air line International Continental travel continental airlines travel Continental airports continental airlines homepage Continental group travel continental airlines website Continental air vacations continental destinations Continental fare sale continental airlines vacations Continental last minute fares continental air fare Continental getaways continental airlines reservations online Continental low fares continental airline fare Continental airlines bookings international continental flight cities Continental flies continental airlines online fly on Continental continental airlines cities Continental airlines group travel Continental economy class Continental airlines travel certificates Continental package deals Continental airlines business travel international Continental ticket Continental special deals international Continental tickets Continental business travel shop for Continental flights fly with Continental

Effective Date and Term. This agreement shall begin upon the date of its execution by MA and acceptance in writing by Company and shall remain in effect until the end of the current calendar year and shall be automatically renewed for successive one (1) year periods unless otherwise terminated according to the cancellation or termination provisions contained in paragraph 18 of this Agreement. Company and MA acknowledge that this Agreement is not a franchise as that term is defined under any and all applicable local, state and/or federal laws in U.S., as amended.

Grant of Rights. 2.1General Rights. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Company hereby grants to MA the right to advertise, market and sell to corporate users, government agencies and educational facilities (“Clients”) for their own internal language learning, soft skills and communication purposes only, and not for remarketing or redistribution, and not for use in a data center environment for multiple users Clients, unless otherwise agreed to by Company prior in writing, the Technology listed in Schedule A of this Agreement, and to sell and/or bundle Technology Maintenance for the Technology and to provide first line technical support and implementation services for the Technology in the territories listed in Schedule A of this Agreement, providing MA meets the criteria required for delivering services according to Schedule A. 2.2Third Party Rights. Company and MA acknowledge that Company derives certain rights herein from third parties and that Company reserves the right to modify or amend this Agreement if mandated by such third parties.

Duties of MA. 3.1Best Efforts. MA agrees to use its best efforts to market and license the Technology to Clients consistent with the terms of this Agreement. 3.2License Agreement. MA shall execute a Company License Agreement/Client Registration Form with Clients and present that License Agreement/Client Registration Form to Company after each purchase of the Technology. Upon the execution of this Agreement, Company shall provide copies of its end user license agreements to MA. MA shall promptly review such agreements and advise Company as to what revisions, if any, should be made to the end user license agreements for resale in the Territory set forth in Schedule A to ensure that the agreements comply with requirements of local law in the Territory, and that Company has protection concerning proprietary rights, warranty disclaimers and limitations of liability under such local and federal laws of the U.S. For purposes of this Agreement, the Technology means the electronic access to programs, content and documentation, and Company's end user license agreement as it may be modified by Company for use in the Territory. The relationship between the corporate user and Company and/or its Affiliates shall be as specified in the applicable Company end user license agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, as between Company and MA, MA shall be responsible as defined for providing customer and technical support to end users in the Territory. MA will notify Company immediately in the event that it is unable to respond effectively to any end users’ requests. 3.3Copyrights and Trademarks. MA shall protect copyrights, tradenames, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and other confidential proprietary rights and information of Company and its affiliates and report promptly any infringements or suspected infringements of which MA becomes aware and to cooperate fully with Company in its efforts to protect its copyrights, tradenames, trademarks, service marks, trade secrets and other confidential proprietary rights and information. 3.4No Alternations. MA agrees not to remove or alter in any manner any copyright, trademark or other proprietary notices contained in the Technology. 3.5Permits, Licenses and Compliance with Laws. MA shall be responsible and shall bear all costs for complying with local, state, provincial, federal, national, and international statutes, rules, regulations and ordinances of any kind which related to or affect MA’s duties under this Agreement. 3.6Product Support. MA agrees, when specified, to provide Clients with the support necessary to meet the reasonable needs and requirements for installation and operation of the Technology. 3.7Sales Records. MA shall keep accurate records of the sales of the Technology and Maintenance, including Client Registration Cards and shall make these records available for review by a representative of Company within ten (10) business days following the end of each month. 3.8Sales and Technical Training. MA shall attend initial marketing, application, and technical training as required and provided by Company; provided, however, that Company shall not require MA to market or support Technology according to a marketing plan or system prescribed in substantial part by Company. The MA will however, be responsible to display and explain in detail the methods by which they plan to achieve the assigned quotas. 3.9Sales Reports. MA shall report periodically in writing, upon request to Company the status of the following: (a) Leads provided by Company (b) Marketing activities in progress (c) Sales forecasts (d) Implementations in progress MA shall appoint one of its employees to be responsible for such reporting and make the name of such employee available to Company.

Marketing Plan. MA shall submit an annual marketing plan to Company outlining, among other things, activities and staffing directed at attaining mutually agreed upon annual sales quotas. The Annual Quota is defined in Schedule A of this Agreement. The annual marketing plan shall be devised solely by MA and MA shall not be required to follow an operating plan, standard procedure, training manual, or its substantial equivalent, published by Company.

Business Practices. Company shall not specify the business practices of MA, nor regulate the manner in which MA shall operate its business, provided that MA (a) conducts business in a manner that reflects favorably at all times on the Technology sold and the good name, goodwill and reputation of Company and its affiliates; (b) avoid deceptive, misleading or unethical practices that are or might be detrimental to Company and/or its Affiliates, the Technology or the public, including but not limited to disparagement of Company or the Technology; (c) make no false or misleading representation with respect to Company or the Technology; and (d) make no representations with respect to Company or the Technology that are inconsistent with any applicable license agreement(s) for the Technology provided by Company, promotional materials and other literature distributed by Company pertaining specifically to the Technology, including all liability limitations and disclaimers contained in such materials.

Support and Service Centers. MA may be required to establish and maintain Support Services in the Territory set forth in Schedule A to provide marketing, sales and service support of the Technology licensed from Company.

Duties of Company. 4.1Commitment. So long as MA is not in default hereunder, Company agrees to provide Technology to MA in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 4.2Deliverables. Upon the request of MA, Company shall at prices or fees then in effect or mutually agreed upon by the parties: (a) Provide Technology to MA at the discounted prices shown in Schedule A, subject to Company’s right to change its prices or fees pursuant to paragraph 13 of this Agreement. (b) Make available a reasonable marketing information, demonstrations and other sales/marketing aids available from Company relating to the Technology to MA shown in Schedule A. (c) Make available marketing training and support to MA relating to the Technology in Schedule A. (d) Make available technical training and support to MA relating to the Technology in Schedule A. (e) Make available updates of the Technology to MA as they may become available for distribution. 4.3No Control. Company shall not require that MA be limited as to the type, quantity or quality of any product or service that MA sells or desires to sell. 4.4No Resale Limitations. Unless otherwise stated in this Agreement, Company shall not require that MA be limited to the persons or accounts to which it may market, distribute or sublicense any product or service that MA sells or desires to sell, including without limitation, the Technology, within the Territory as defined in Schedule A of this Agreement. 4.5No Procedures. Company shall not require procedures for which MA may deal with Clients however will require reasonable levels of satisfaction from the clients related to the services provided by the MA.

Annual Quota. The Annual Quota for MA shall be defined in Schedule A of this Agreement. Company reserves the right to adjust or modify the Annual Quota upon renewal of this Agreement or from time to time by mutual agreement of the parties.

Territory. The Territory for MA shall be defined in Schedule A of this Agreement. Company reserves the right to adjust or modify the Territory upon renewal of this Agreement or from time to time by mutual agreement of the parties.

Payment and Deliveries. 7.1Payment Terms. When fees are not collected directly from the corporate user, MA agrees to pay Company, in the manner and at the time specified below, the fee(s) on Company’s current price list in effect at the time an order is received by Company as set forth in Schedule A. 7.2Currency. All monies due Company shall be remitted in United States dollars. Amounts due to Company are to be calculated based upon the information contained in Schedule A of this agreement. 7.3Required Documents. MA shall make payment for all Technology according to the terms in Schedule A of this Agreement, and provide upon resale of any part of the Technology, two (2) signed copies of the Company License Agreement/Client Registration Card between Company and Client. 7.4Payment for Services, Training and Support. Services, training and support, when applicable and provided by Company, shall be paid for by MA according to agreed upon terms, and a monthly billing report will be created for MA by Company to show utilization of time and charges. A LATE PAYMENT CHARGE of one and one-half percent (1 ½%) or the maximum rate permitted by applicable law, whichever is less, of the outstanding balance due to Company per month will be imposed on all overdue accounts. 7.5Shipment and Delivery. Any materials shall be shipped FOB Company’s place of business as set forth in Schedule A, and MA shall be responsible for any excise, sales and other taxes which may be levied on the license and shipment of such materials. 7.6Delays. In the event of any cause beyond the control of Company, Company shall not be liable for any delay in shipment or non-delivery of the Technology covered under this Agreement beyond any amounts received with an order.

Modifications and Version Upgrades. 8.1Company shall supply MA access to all major published modifications or upgrades to the Technology, which add enhancements to or correct known errors in the Technology. 8.2Company shall provide Technology access to MA for each licensed customer so long as MA is not in default with any terms of this Agreement. 8.3MA shall notify Company in writing of any errors found by it in the Technology within thirty (30) days of such discovery. 8.4Company will undertake all reasonable efforts to provide technical assistance to MA under this Agreement when MA is unable to resolve certain technical issues and to rectify or provide solutions to problems where the Technology does not function as described in the Technology documentation, but Company does not guarantee that the problems will be solved or that any item will be error-free. This product support commitment is only applicable to Company’s Technology running under the certified environments specified in the release notes of the end user licensing agreement for that Technology or Package. Company may from time to time, however, discontinue Technology or versions and stop supporting Technology or versions one year after discontinuance, or otherwise discontinue any support service. Company is not liable for incidental, special or consequential damages for any reason (including loss of data or other business or property damage), even if foreseeable or if MA or Customer has advised of such a claim. Company's liability shall not exceed the fees that MA has paid under this Agreement. MA agrees that the pricing for the services would be substantially higher but for these limitations.

Trademarks and Service Marks. Any tradenames, trademarks or service marks, which Company may obtain with regard to the Technology, are the sole property of Company and/or its Affiliates. Company hereby grants MA, during the term of this Agreement, the right to use Company and/or Company trade names, trademarks or service marks on Technology or in advertising or promotion relating directly to these products. Any use of such tradenames, trademarks or service marks must reference that these tradenames, trademarks or service marks are proprietary to Company and/or its Affiliates. 10.Title to the Technology. MA acknowledges that MA and its Clients receive no title to the Technology contained on the Technology. Title to the Technology and all copyrights in Technology shall remain with Company and/or its Affiliates. Company agrees to defend or, at its option, settle any claim or action against MA to the extent arising from a third party claim that a permitted use of the Technology by the end users infringes any U.S. patent or copyright, provided Company has control of such defense or settlement negotiations and MA gives Company prompt notice of any such claim and provides reasonable assistance in its defense. In the event of such a claim of infringement, Company, at its option, may provide MA with substitute Technology reasonably satisfactory to MA to replace those affected Technologies then in MA's inventory. Company will not be liable under this Section if the infringement arises out of MA's activities after Company has notified MA that Company believes in good faith that MA's activities will result in such infringement. The foregoing states the entire liability of Company with respect to infringement of intellectual property rights. 11.Distribution by MA. MA agrees to distribute Technology only through the Company License Agreement/Client Registration Card between the Client and Company. MA acknowledges that the Company License Agreement/ Client Registration Card specifies the terms under which a Client receives, holds and uses the Package or Service. 12.Trade Secrets and Source Code.

MA recognizes that the Technology in source form (code or listing) is the exclusive property of Company and/or its Affiliates and is proprietary to and the trade secret of Company and/or its Affiliates. MA agrees that it shall not, by itself or in association with any other party, reproduce, duplicate, copy, decompile, disassemble or reverse engineer the Technology in source form (code or listing) in any media.

MA shall further hold in confidence and shall not disclose any information, algorithms, methods, designs, specifications, and/or know-how in any way relating to the Technology in source form (code or listing) to any other person, firm or corporation whether during the term of this Agreement or after such Agreement has been terminated.

MA shall not have the right to modify the source code to make adaptations to the Technology in conjunction with the sale of the Technology without the written consent of Company. In the event of modified source code, only the modified portion of the code becomes the property of MA, and MA shall treat the modified source code with the same care as with Company source code. 13.Price Changes and Notification. Company reserves the right to change its process and/or fees, from time to time, in its sole and absolute discretion. In the event of a price and/or fee change for Technology, Company shall notify MA in writing ninety (90) days prior to the effective date of any such change. All other prices and/or fees may be adjusted without prior notice to MA. 14.Relationship of the Parties. MA shall be deemed to be an independent contractor in its relationship with Company. MA shall not hold itself out as an employee or agent of Company other than for the limited purposes of marketing the Technology. No debts or obligations shall be incurred by either party in the other party’s name, including execution of the Client Registration Agreements. MA shall have the right to perform certain services for its Clients, such as training, installation and non-contract support and bill its Clients directly for such services. MA specifically understand and agrees that it shall not be treated as an employee with respect to such services as are performed for any applicable tax purposes; and it is further agreed that this Agreement shall not bring MA under the provisions of any local, state, provincial, federal, national, and international regulation wherein coverage thereunder is based upon the relationship of employer and employee. 15.Unauthorized Use. MA shall notify Company promptly of any misuse of unauthorized use of the Technology, which comes to the attention of MA, and shall notify its Clients upon the request of Company when Company believes such Technology are being misused. MA shall cooperate, at Company’s reasonable expense, with Company in any action, including any legal action, which Company may feel is necessary in order to protect the Technology. 16.Warranties by Company.

EXCEPT AS EXCLUSIVELY SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH, COMPANY DOES NOT MAKE ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT RESTRICTED TO THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WHICH WARRANTIES ARE HEREBY DISCLAIMED.

COMPANY’S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE LIABILITY FOR THE WARRANTY PROVIDED IN SUBPARAGRAH (A) HEREOF SHALL BE TO CORRECT THE TECHNOLOGY TO OPERATE IN SUBSTANTIAL ACCORDANCE WITH ITS THEN CURRENT SPECIFICATIONS OR REPLACE, AT ITS OPTION, THE TECHNOLOGY NOT IN COMPLIANCE WITH COMPANY’S AND COMPANY’ PUBLISHED SPECIFICATIONS REGARDING THE TECHNOLOGY; PROVIDED, ANY CLAIM FOR BREACH OF WARRANTY UNDER SUBPARAGRAPH (A) HEREOF MUST BE MADE IN WRITING WITHIN (90) DAYS FROM DATE OF SHIPMENT.

IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE TO “MA”, ITS CLIENTS, OR ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY TORT OR CONTRACT DAMAGES OR INDIRECT, SPECIAL, GENERAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO, LOSS OF PROFITS OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS AND LOSS OF GOODWILL, ARISING IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE (OR INABILITY TO USE) OR DISTRIBUTION OF THE TECHNOLOGY FOR ANY PURPOSE WHATSOEVER.

SOME STATES AND/OR COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OF IMPLIED WARRANTIES, SO THE ABOVE EXCLUSION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. THIS WARRANTY GIVES YOU SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS, AND YOU MAY HAVE OTHER RIGHTS WIHICH MAY VARY FROM STATE TO STATE OR COUNTRY TO COUNTRY.

SOME STATES AND/OR COUNTRIES DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF INCIDENTAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, SO THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. 17.Warranties by MA. MA agrees that any and all warranties made to Client shall be made only by MA. MA acknowledges and agrees that MA will make no representations to its Clients with respect to any warranty made by Company. MA hereby agrees to indemnify and hold Company harmless for any loss, damage, claim or action resulting from MA’s failure to comply with any of MA’s obligations under this Agreement. MA will be solely responsible for any claims, warranties or representations made by MA or MA's representatives or agents, which differ from the warranties, provided by Company in the applicable end user license agreement(s). 18.Termination.

This Agreement may be terminated by either party at the expiration of its term or any renewal term upon thirty (30) days written notice to the other party. Company acknowledges that this Agreement shall not be terminated for MA’s failure to follow an operating plan, standard procedure, training manual, or substantial equivalent published in Paragraph 3 (k) of this Agreement, except that Company does reserve the right to terminate this Agreement for MA’s failure to follow required procedures relating to the processing of sales contracts, invoices and billing related to Technology sold under this Agreement.

Either party may cancel this Agreement upon the occurrence of any of the following: (a) Material breach of any covenant, term, condition or other provisions of this Agreement, which breach is not remedied within ten (10) days after notice of such breach is received by the breaching party; (b)Bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement or insolvency proceedings being instituted by or against a party; (c) An assignment by a party for the benefit of its creditors; (d)Consenting to the appointment of a trustee or receiver by a party, or a trustee or receiver being appointed for a party or for a substantial part of its assets.

Upon termination or cancellation of this Agreement for any reason: (a) All obligations of the non-breaching party, should cancellation be due to breach, shall immediately cease; (b)MA shall return any and all full and/or partial copies of material related to the Technology, including demonstrations of the Technology, in MA’s possession or under its control to Company within ten (10) days following the termination or cancellation date of this Agreement; (c) MA shall not continue to use or employ any part of the Technology as part of any product which MA shall convey, assign, lease, license or transfer to any third parties; (d)MA shall immediately cease advertising, marketing, promoting and distributing the Technology and shall cease using the trade names, trademarks, service marks and any other proprietary right of Company; (e) Except as otherwise permitted in writing by Company, MA shall immediately cease selling Annual Technology Maintenance and providing application and technical support for the Technology to Clients; (f) All outstanding invoices shall immediately become due and payable; and (g) MA acknowledges and agrees that, in the event of a breach or threatened breach by MA, of the provisions of this Section 18, no adequate remedy at law in money damages will be available to Company that will fairly compensate it and therefore Company will be entitled to an injunction against any such breach or threatened breach by MA. 19.Confidential Information.

"Confidential Information" Defined. “Confidential Information” includes: (a) the Technology (b) any personally identifiable data or information regarding any end user; (c) any and all information disclosed by Company to MA, in whatever format, that is either identified as or would reasonably be understood to be confidential and/or proprietary; (d) any notes, extracts, analyses or materials prepared by MA which are copies of or derivative works of Confidential Information or from which Confidential Information can be inferred or otherwise understood; and (e) the terms and conditions of this Agreement. “Confidential Information” does not include information received from Company that MA can clearly establish by written evidence: (x) is or becomes known to MA from a third party without an obligation to maintain its confidentiality; (y) is or becomes generally known to the public through no act or omission of MA; or (z) is independently developed by MA without the use of Confidential Information.

“MA”'s Obligations. MA will make no use of Confidential Information for any purpose except as expressly authorized by this Agreement. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, MA will not disclose Confidential Information to any third party and will protect and treat all Confidential Information with the same degree of care as it uses to protect its own confidential information of like importance, but in no event with less than reasonable care. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, MA will not use, make or have made any copies of Confidential Information, in whole or in part, without the prior written authorization of Company. In the event that MA is required to disclose Confidential Information pursuant to law, MA will notify Company of the required disclosure with sufficient time for Company to seek relief, will cooperate with Company in taking appropriate protective measures, and will make such disclosure in a fashion that maximizes protection of the Confidential Information from further disclosure.

Privacy/Data Collection. MA will at all times during the term of this Agreement maintain appropriate technical and organizational measures to protect any end-user data that it collects, accesses or processes in connection with this Agreement against unauthorized or unlawful use, disclosure, processing or alteration. MA will act only on Company's instructions in relation to the collection, use, disclosure and processing of any such end-user data, but in all instances in accordance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 20.Non-assignment. MA may not assign, sell, lease or otherwise transfer in whole or in party any of the rights granted pursuant to this Agreement without prior written approval of Company. 21.Amendment. No amendment, change or variance from this Agreement shall be binding upon either party unless executed in writing and signed by an authorized representative of the party to be charged. 22.Severability and Construction. Should any part of this Agreement, for any reason, be declared invalid by a court of competent jurisdiction, such determination shall be not affect the validity of any remaining portion, and such remaining portion shall remain in force and effect as if this Agreement had been executed with the invalid portion eliminated. 23.Notices. Any notice required under this Agreement shall be deemed to have been given when hand- delivered or on the date of mailing when mailed by standard Mail, postage prepaid, and addressed to the party to receive such notice at the address designated below, or such other address as the party may from time to time direct in writing. 24.Governing Law; Attorney’s Fee. This Agreement is accepted by Company in the State of Nevada and shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws thereof, which laws shall prevail in the event of any conflict. For such limited purpose, MA hereby consents to the personal jurisdiction of any court of competent jurisdiction in the State of Nevada. If any legal action or proceeding is initiated, the prevailing party shall be entitled to all attorney fees, court costs, and expenses in addition to any other relief to which such prevailing party may be entitled. 25.Equitable Relief. MA acknowledges that any breach or threatened breach of this Agreement involving an unauthorized use of Confidential Information or Company and/or its Affiliate’s intellectual property will result in irreparable harm to Company and/or its Affiliate for which damages would not be an adequate remedy, and therefore, in addition to its rights and remedies otherwise available at law, Company and/or its Affiliate will be entitled to seek injunctive or other equitable relief, as appropriate, and MA hereby waives the right to require Company and/or its Affiliate to post a bond. If Company and/or its Affiliate seeks injunctive or other equitable relief in the event of a breach or threatened breach of this Agreement by MA involving an unauthorized use of Confidential Information or Company and/or its Affiliate intellectual property, MA agrees that it will not allege in any such proceeding that Company and/or its Affiliate remedy at law is adequate. If Company and/or its Affiliate seek any equitable remedies, it will not be precluded or prevented from seeking remedies at law, nor will Company and/or its Affiliate be deemed to have made an election of remedies. 26.Entire Agreement. This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties, and no representations, statements or inducements, oral or written, not contained herein, shall be binding upon the parties. Company expressly disclaims the making of, and MA acknowledges that it has not received a warranty or guaranty, express or implied, as to the potential volume, profits or success of the business venture contemplated by this Agreement. This Agreement was executed as of the date set forth above. COMPANY MA BIRCH FIRST MOUNT KNOWLEDGE INVESTMENTS INC. HOLDINGS INC. A US Virgin Islands corporation A Nevada corporation By: /s/ Pier S. Bjorklund By: /s/ James D. Beatty Pier S. Bjorklund, President James D. Beatty, CEO and President SCHEDULE A MARKETING AFFILIATE Technology PRICING AND TERMS

Technology PRICING AND TERMS MATRIX. MA MA QUOTA MA PURCHASE (UNITS OR PURCHASE LEVEL1 Dollars)2 DISCOUNT3 $1,000,001 and III 25% above $100,001 to II 20% $1,000,000 I $ 0 to $100,000 15% Note 1: PURCHASE LEVEL – refers to level of purchased Technology on an annual basis, subject to annual review of the past twelve months following the anniversary date of this Agreement. Note 2: PURCHASE QUOTA - refers to certain purchase amount levels in which MA may receive additional discounts, subject to additional terms and conditions. Note 3: PURCHASE DISCOUNT – refers to the applicable discount available to MA purchases made from Company at Levels II and III with Level I being the original purchase price per Unit (or Package) amount for the Technology which MA pays Company. Note 4: INITIAL ORDER COMMITMENT – MA commits to purchase a minimum of 100 Units in aggregate within the Territory within the first six months of term of this Agreement. Note 5: SALES PERSONS – MA shall at all times have certified sales persons trained by Company on staff in accordance with certain minimums defined by each Purchase Level. Note 6: SUPPORT PERSONS - MA shall at all times have certified support persons trained by Company on staff in accordance with certain minimums defined by each Purchase Level.

Technology DESCRIPTION AND PRICING. The Products approved for sale in this Agreement shall be referred to as “ECO” related platform and content. (“Technology”) referred to as: (a) English Communications Online (ECO) ™ List Pricing for Technology shall be as follows: (a) (Price List for products and or services)

SERVICE FEE. Upon the execution of this Agreement, MA shall pay to Company a quarterly service fee (the “Service Fee”) in the amount equal to US $15,000.00 on the first day of each quarter for the Term of this Agreement as set forth in Section 1 hereinabove, for each month that MA has no sales pursuant to this Schedule A, with the first payment due and payable on the date of execution of this Agreement.

TERMS. Unless otherwise approved by Company, Level I, II and III terms for payment to Company are Net 30 days on Technology licensed from Company.

TERRITORY. MA is authorized to resell Technology within the following territory according to the terms of the Agreement: (a)Worldwide
