For any cause of action arising under this --------------- Agreement, Nortel's liability to Entrust, and Entrust's liability to Nortel shall not exceed U.S.$5,000,000.

This Agreement grants ENVISION a non-exclusive and non-royalty bearing license to use the mark "SierraSil".

PERFORMANCE: In lieu of PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT granting a 10 year Exclusive Content License to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION agrees to share a minimum of $50,000.00 annually for each year of this Agreement.

COMWARE must purchase no less than $22,710.00 worth of Products, in any combination, by April 15, 2000.

Such agreement shall prohibit any further transfer of rights by such party or any use of the transferred Intellectual Property outside the scope of the license granted to SpinCo herein.

Improvements that (i) relate specifically to BII Confidential Information and Know-How, and (ii) do not relate to XENCOR Confidential Information and Know­How (collectively, "BII Intellectual Property") will be exclusively owned by BII, and BII shall control patent prosecution and maintenance thereof.

Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, in the event Company incurs any expenses, damages or other liabilities (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees) in connection with the performance or non-performance of any term or provision hereof, Licensor's liability to Company shall not exceed the remuneration, excluding reimbursement of expenses, actually paid to Licensor by Company.

Without the prior written consent of the other party, neither party shall assign or transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, to any third party, and any purported assignment without such prior written consent shall be null and void and of no force and effect; except that notice, but no consent shall be required for such assignment or transfer in connection with an internal reorganization or sale of the transferring party, including by merger or other business combination, or a sale of substantially all of the assets of the transferring party.

The assignment of this Agreement, in whole or in part, to any Affiliates in the United States or to a successor organization by merger or acquisition does not require the consent of the other.

To the extent not already granted pursuant to the License Agreement, FCE grants ExxonMobil and its Affiliates a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable, perpetual, sub-licensable, non-transferable (except pursuant to Article 14 (Assignment)) right and license to practice FCE Background Information and FCE Background Patents for Generation 2 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications and Hydrogen Applications

The rights and obligations created by this Agreement may not be assigned by Company, in whole or in part, without first obtaining BP's written consent under this Agreement, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld.

The sum of the Quarterly Grant Numbers in each calendar year of the Term shall not exceed fifteen thousand (15,000). The options will expire five (5) years after each grant date.

Buyer, for itself and its insurers, expressly waives any and all limitations or liability caps, if any, on Buyer's contribution liability to Seller, and any and all statutory or common law lien rights or Claims against Seller arising from any applicable workers compensation or disability acts, which Buyer might or could assert against Seller or Seller's insurers in the event of the personal injury or death of Buyer's employees, representatives or servants.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall be effective month to month, until terminated by Transporter or Shipper upon the following written notice to the other specifying a termination date: sixty (60) days for interruptible transportation under Rate Schedule ITS and 180 days for firm transportation under Rate Schedule FTS.

During the Term, Supplier will promptly notify Customer in writing if at any time a Change of Control shall occur as to Supplier, such notification to be given no later than fifteen (15) days following such Change of Control. [* * *]

During the Term, Nexstar shall calculate BCF (the "BCF Report") for each calendar month. The last day of each calendar month is referred to herein as an "End Date". During the Term, Nexstar shall, within thirty (30) days of each End Date deliver to WYZZ-TV the BCF Report for the month ending on such End Date. Within ninety (90) days following each 3 calendar year during the Term, Nexstar shall notify WYZZ of the BCF for such year (the "Final BCF Report") and, subject to clause (h) of this Section 2, within thirty (30) days after such notification either Nexstar shall make a payment to WYZZ or WYZZ shall make a payment to Nexstar, as appropriate to "true-up" the payments made hereunder based on (i) the final determination of the BCF for the entire year, and (ii) the principle that the aggregate Section 2(a) Amount for the calendar year should be equal to (x) thirty-five percent (35%) of BCF for such calendar year up to the Minimum BCF for such year, plus (y) fifty percent (50%) of BCF for such calendar year in excess of the Minimum BCF for such year, minus (z) the sum of one hundred percent (100%) of any costs incurred by Nexstar during such calendar year in maintaining, replacing or purchasing capital equipment which is owned by WYZZ or which is used solely in connection with the operation of WYZZ-TV, and fifty percent (50%) of any costs incurred by Nexstar during such calendar year in maintaining, replacing or purchasing capital equipment which is not owned by WYZZ and which is used in connection with the combined operation of both Stations (in each case to the extent such costs were not otherwise deducted in the calculation of BCF).

Subject to Section 1.6, by Vendor (or successor to Vendor), upon written notice to Distributor of a change of control of Vendor and the election by Vendor (or successor to Vendor) to terminate this Agreement, where a "change of control" shall mean a change in ownership of the Vendor such that an unaffiliated third party acquires a majority of the voting power of Vendor;

subsidiary or otherwise, or to any person, firm or corporation into which or with it might merge or consolidate.

Developer may cancel this Agreement if the total gross annual software revenue does not meet DeVeloper's revenue forecast for the Distributor, such cancellation to be eftected by written notice delivered to Distributor not later than 30 days after any Developer's Fiscal Year end (June 30).

EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OF SECTION 11 OR BREACHES OF ANY LICENSE GRANT SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, WHETHER BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER OR NOT THAT PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF, KNEW, OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF, THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

except as specifically described elsewhere in this agreement, either ITS or COMWARE shall have the right to terminate this Agreement with 30 days written notice from the other party, for any reason whatsoever.

In the event that Zanotti fails to secure purchases amounting to the Minimum Order for any particular period, the exclusive supplier rights granted pursuant to this Article 2 shall become non- exclusive commencing immediately following such period in which the Minimum Order was not achieved and Aura shall have full discretion to purchase or otherwise obtain Product from sources other than Zanotti.

Racing represents to the Sponsor that the Sponsor's aggregate obligation hereunder will not exceed the amount of the sponsorship fee set forth in Section 3 hereof (or such lesser amount as is payable by the Sponsor in the event that this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 14 hereof), plus, if applicable, collection costs that may be reasonably incurred by Racing in a legal proceeding to collect all or any part thereof (the "Maximum Obligation").

(c) at any time following the second (2nd) anniversary of the First Commercial Sale of the Licensed Product, for any reason or no reason, upon one hundred eighty (180) days' written notice to CytoDyn.

i-Escrow hereby grants to 2TheMart a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and digitally perform the i-Escrow Content on or in conjunction with 2TheMart auctions.

This Agreement shall be binding on the respective transferees and successors of the parties hereto, except that neither this Agreement nor either party's rights or obligations hereunder shall be assigned or transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

The Parties agree that the license grant contained in this Section 11.3 is personal to Supplier only and shall be exercised by Supplier only,

MA may not assign, sell, lease or otherwise transfer in whole or in party any of the rights granted pursuant to this Agreement without prior written approval of Company.

of rights may occur after such [***] ([***]) day period without being deemed a breach of this Section 15.3.2 by Licensee), [***].

Distributor shall be entitled to advertise, promote, market or

Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither party shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the other party, which consent may be withheld at the other party's reasonable business discretion; provided, however, that either party may transfer this Agreement without prior written consent of the other party to an Affiliate or in connection with a merger or sale of all or substantially all of the stock or assets of such party.

Sanofi shall transfer and assign, and shall ensure that its Affiliates transfer and assign, to RevMed, at no cost to RevMed, all Product Marks exclusively relating to any Termination Product, provided that such Product Marks do not contain the business entity names of Sanofi or its Affiliates or variations thereof, except as may otherwise be required by Applicable Law during a transition period to avoid any interruptions in supply of Termination Product to patients. I

The demand for liquidated damages and specific performance in respect of any breach during the Term of Cooperation are all remedies that the non-breaching Party shall have under this Agreement.

Not later than the first Business Day of […***…] during the Profiling Term and Profiling Renewal Terms, Roche will provide FMI with a rolling forecast of its estimated requirements for Sample Profiling for the following […***…], the rolling forecast for the […***…] of which shall be deemed to be a binding order for sample volume (including specifications for the number of samples to be run using each of FMI's different tests) ("Binding Orders").

Licensee may not assign, transfer, pledge, mortgage or otherwise encumber this Agreement or its right to use the Brand (or assume this Agreement in bankruptcy), in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of Licensor in its sole discretion, except for an assignment outside of bankruptcy to a successor organization that is solely the result of a name change by Licensee.

Except for the subcontractors appointed by MMT as of the Effective Date as listed on Exhibit A attached hereto, MMT may not grant sublicenses of the rights and licenses granted to it in Section 2.1(a) to any Affiliate (including Pfizer or any Affiliate of Pfizer) or Third Party without the prior written approval of SIGA (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld).

9.1.1 The Liability Cap will not apply to any (1) material confidentiality breach under Section 5, and/or (2) indemnification obligations under Section 7.1. 9.1.2 The Liability Cap will not apply to intentional misconduct and/or gross negligence.

This Agreement and/or any Study Order may not be assigned by either Party except as agreed upon in writing by the other Party.

This guaranty is personal to you and the obligations and duties imposed in it may not be delegated or assigned; provided, this guaranty shall be binding upon your successors, assigns, estates and personal representatives.

The Agent hereby grants Monsanto an exclusive (even with respect to the Agent and its Affiliates), non- transferrable, royalty-free license and right to use the trademarks EcoSense and Path Clear (Trademark Application No. 1430287) in Canada (such trademarks, the "Canada Marks"), only in connection with Natural Products (as defined below) in the natural non-selective weedkiller category for Lawn & Garden Use during the term of this Agreement. Mon

The Contractor shall not assign this Agreement or any of its rights, powers, duties or obligations hereunder without the express prior written consent of the Company, which shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Consequently either this Agreement or any of the respective rights or obligations of the Parties hereunder may be assigned or otherwise transferred, in whole or in part, in any form whatsoever (including by way of change of Control), by either Party subject to the prior written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed, and any attempt to do so without such consent shall be null and void.

Unless otherwise agreed in an Order, Supplier grants Bank of America a perpetual, worldwide, irrevocable, nonexclusive royalty free license to any Pre-existing IP embedded in the Work Product, which shall permit Bank of America and any transferee or sublicensee of Bank of America, subject to the restrictions in this Agreement, to make, use, import, reproduce, display, distribute, make derivative works and modify such Pre-existing IP as necessary or desirable for the use of the Work Product.

Neither this Agreement nor any interest hereunder shall be assignable by a Party without the prior written consent of the other Party, except as follows: (a) such Party may assign its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates, provided that the assignee shall expressly agree to be bound by such Party's obligations under this Agreement and that such Party shall remain liable for all of its rights and obligations under this Agreement, and (b) either Party may assign its rights and obligations hereunder to a Third Party in connection with a permitted assignment or other permitted transfer of the License Agreement. Each Party shall promptly notify the other Party of any assignment or transfer under the provisions of this Section 11.1.

damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of business profits, business interruption, loss of business information, or other pecuniary loss) arising out of this Agreement, even if advised of the possibility of such damages.

Subject to the restrictions set out in Section 2.2, ENERGOUS hereby grants to DIALOG a non-exclusive (subject to Section 2.5), irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable (solely in accordance with Section 2.4), royalty-bearing license during the Term under all Product IP to: (a) repackage or have repackaged the Product Die into various package formats or layouts, and to integrate the Product Die into MCMs, which may incorporate DIALOG or third party intellectual property (such repackaged Product Die, MCMs and Products, are individually and/or collectively referred to as the "Licensed Products"); (b) have the Licensed Products manufactured, tested and packaged by Manufacturing Subcontractors; (c) Sell, offer for Sale, import, export and support the Licensed Products, including without limitation, providing system design, troubleshooting and failure analysis support for DIALOG's customers and their customers; (d) use and modify the Tooling and Documentation for the purposes of paragraphs (a) to (d) of this Section 2.1.

terminate your employment forthwith and to make a payment to you in lieu of salary and the benefits set out in paragraph 5 of this Agreement for all or any unexpired part of the notice period.

VerticalNet hereby grants to LeadersOnline a non- exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free right and license to link to the VerticalNet Site.

Depomed agrees to grant and hereby grants to King an exclusive option (exercisable at King's sole discretion by providing written notice of intent at any time, but in no event later than 180 days after the Effective Date) to obtain an exclusive license in the Territory to certain of Depomed's proprietary drug delivery technology in combination with both metformin hydrochloride and any other active pharmaceutical ingredients (a "Combination Product License").

Roche shall exclusively own, and FMI shall assign to Roche, all intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Development that Covers methods of treatment, stratifying patients, or identifying patients that would benefit from a particular treatment, and all other methods useful in connection with the therapeutic treatment of a patient.

The licenses granted hereunder do not --------------------------- include for the Grantee the right to grant sublicenses to any third party except as expressly provide in Section 6.03.

Defective or nonconforming Product shall be replaced by Seller without additional charge, or in lieu thereof, at Seller's option, Seller may refund the purchase price upon return of such Product at Seller's expense and such refund or replacement shall constitute Buyer's sole and exclusive remedy.

This Agreement may be terminated by either Party upon six (6) months written notice following a Change of Control of Exact; provided that such notice is given within thirty (30) days of the consummation of such Change of Control.

In the event the Company is unable to sell a minimum of 1,875,000 Shares on or before June 30, 2007, this Agreement shall terminate and the Company shall cause the Escrow Agent (as defined below) to refund to any persons who have subscribed for any of the Shares the full amount it received from them, without interest, as set forth in the Prospectus; and none of the parties to this Agreement shall have any obligation to the other parties hereunder, except as set forth in this Section 2 and in Sections 8, 10, and 11.

No party will be liable to any other for any indirect, consequential, or special damages or for loss of profits.

Recipient further agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver any documentation, instruments, specifications or disclosures necessary to assign, prosecute, protect, perfect or exploit the Company ownership of Intellectual Property.

Pey Dirt has the right to terminate this Agreement immediately if Company's Endorsed Products are not being distributed in the Contract Territory to a significant number of stores by October 1, 1999.

The Contractor will have the ability to terminate this Agreement by giving 90 days' prior written notice to the Company.

IN ADDITION, ENERGOUS' LIABILITY WITH RESPECT TO ITS OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 12.1(b) SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED [***].

THE FOREGOING WARRANTIES AND LIMITATIONS ARE EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES AND ARE IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT ANY LIMITATION WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

if such rights comprise any data specifically provided to the Group by Customers during the billing process ("Billing Data"), then such rights shall be owned exclusively by the Online Group and neither Skype nor the Company will grant, nor claim for itself or its affiliated entities, independent contractors, or employees, either expressly or impliedly, any rights, title, interest, or licenses to such rights and each assigns to Online BVI, with full title guarantee, all copyrights, patents, trade marks, service marks, rights of publicity, authors' rights, contract and licensing rights, goodwill and all other intellectual property rights in and to the same as may exist now and/or hereafter come into existence and arising under the laws of any jurisdiction for the entire term of such rights and all renewals, revivals and extensions thereof.

IN NO EVENT WILL IMNTV'S LIABILITY TO DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE AMOUNT ACTUALLY DUE TO IMNTV HEREIN.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, Power2Ship is obligated to pay the License Fee to WLI for a minimum of 36 months.

Any unauthorized attempt to assign or delegate any portion of this Agreement or any Work Order shall be void.

"Distribution Term" means the period commencing on the first Regulatory Approval of the Product in the Territory and continuing until [***], or if this Agreement is terminated earlier pursuant to Article 12, the effective date of such termination.

In the event of the merger or consolidation of Company with any other entity, Pey Dirt shall have the right to terminate the Contract Period by so notifying Company in writing on or before sixty (60) days after Pey Dirt has received notice of such merger or consolidation.

In the event of your death or incapacity, or the death or incapacity of any partner, any shareholder owning fifty percent (50%) or more of your capital stock, or any Member who owns a majority interest in a limited liability company, the heirs, beneficiaries, devisees, or legal representatives of said individual, partner or shareholders shall, within one hundred eighty (180) days of such event: 1. Apply to us for the right to continue to operate the franchise for the duration of the term of this Agreement and any renewals hereof, which right shall be granted upon the fulfillment of all of the conditions set forth in Paragraph XVIII. of this Agreement (except that no transfer fee shall be required); or 2. Sell, assign, transfer, or convey your interest in compliance with the provisions of Paragraphs XVIII and XX of this Agreement; provided, however, in the event a proper and timely application for the right to continue to operate has been made and rejected, the one hundred eighty (180) days to sell, assign, transfer or convey shall be computed from the date of said rejection. For purposes of this Paragraph, our silence on an application made pursuant to Paragraph XIX.A.1. through the one hundred and eighty (180) days following the event of death or incapacity shall be deemed a rejection made on the last day of such period.

(c) the Intellectual Property Rights are Performer Foreground-Undelivered IPR conceived or created in the course of services concerning which the Assignor Party or another member of the Assignor Group was the Requester, and the Assignee Party or another member of the Assignee Group was the Performer (collectively, "Assigned Intellectual Property Rights").

This Agreement may be terminated subject to the following clauses:

This Agreement can be terminated at any time prior to the expiry of the Term, as follows: (a) by the Consultant electing to give the Company not less than 3 months prior notice of such termination; (b) by the Company electing to give the Consultant 3 months prior notice of such termination along with a termination payment equal to the annual Consulting Fee;

XC does hereby grant AJR a limited and non-transferable license and non-exclusive right to use XC's logo and trademarks and service marks set forth on Schedule A attached hereto (the "Licensed Materials") during the Term of this Agreement.

This Agreement is personal to each of the parties, and neither party may assign or delegate any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without first obtaining the other party's written consent.

Except for preexisting IAC Property and any third party's Intellectual Property, IAC shall and does hereby irrevocably assign, and shall and does cause IAC Affiliates and IAC Subcontractors to irrevocably assign, to Sonos all of IAC's, IAC Affiliates' or IAC Subcontractors' worldwide right title and interest in and to the Sonos Property , if any, whether developed solely by Sonos or jointly between Sonos or a Sonos Affiliate and IAC, an IAC Affiliate, or an IAC Subcontractor, that

This Agreement may not be assigned by DeltaThree without the prior written consent of PrimeCall.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for additional successive one (1) year periods, unless written notice of non-renewal is received no later than six (6) months prior to the expiration of the then current term.

Except as agreed by the Parties in writing or as otherwise stated in the Exhibits, Company may terminate for convenience any Transition Service, and RGHI may terminate for convenience any Reverse Transition Service, upon 30 days' prior written notice of such termination; provided, (a) that, with respect to the Services described in Section G1 of Exhibit A, unless otherwise indicated therein, those Services may not be terminated independently except in accordance with an agreed Migration Plan and, (b) any unamortized costs associated with Provider's purchase of any license or other costs incurred specifically for the purpose of providing the Services hereunder will be passed through to the Terminating Party.

RemainCo shall have, and SpinCo hereby grants to RemainCo, an unlimited, non-exclusive, perpetual, irrevocable, royalty free, worldwide right and license to use the content contained in the Steam Book, including the current edition and any past edition and any future edition to which RemainCo makes a contribution, for any purpose, including, without limitation, to reproduce, publicly display, modify, make derivative works, distribute, publicly perform and distribute for RemainCo's internal business purposes, including in connection with customer related activities, provided, however, that RemainCo shall (i) not use any non-nuclear content contained in the Steam Book in connection with publishing or distributing a publication which competes with the Steam Book and (ii) provide attribution and accreditation using a copyright notice having the format required by law in connection with the use of any protectable expression of the non-nuclear content contained in the Steam Book.

University hereby grants to ArTara an exclusive Right of Reference to all Program Regulatory Filings by University in support of the Product.

All rights and title to Duesey Coffee Intellectual Property created pursuant to the Project shall belong to VAL and shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Within fifteen (15) Business Days after the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment, such Person will (i) execute an agreement to assume the Servicer's obligations under this Agreement and each Transaction Document to which the Servicer is a party (unless the assumption happens by operation of Law), (ii) deliver to the Issuer, the Owner Trustee and the Indenture Trustee an Officer's Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel each stating that the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment and the assumption agreement comply with this Section 7.6 and (iii) notify the Rating Agencies of the merger, consolidation, succession or assignment.

to Section 10.4(c) and the Agent shall waive its right to exercise any other remedies otherwise available at law or in equity.

If the Farids Group determines for any reason not to proceed with any proposed registration requested pursuant to Section 6.1, the Farids Group shall promptly notify the Company in writing.

Neither party will not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the other party.

Without the prior written consent of the other Party hereto, neither Party will sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise dispose of, whether voluntarily, involuntarily, by operation of law or otherwise, this Agreement or any of its rights or duties hereunder; provided, however, that either Party may assign, sublicense or transfer this Agreement and all of its rights and obligations hereunder, in their entirety, to any of its Affiliates or to a successor in connection with the sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of its business or assets to which this Agreement relates, whether by merger, sale of stock, sale of assets or otherwise, and

This Agreement and the rights granted hereunder may not be assigned, sold, transferred, pledged or exchanged by Sponsor by operation of law or otherwise without the prior written consent of Forty Niners SC, which consent shall be in Forty Niners SC's sole discretion; provided, however, that Forty Niners SC shall consent to an assignment to any entity that acquires Sponsor (or a substantial portion of Sponsor's assets) via merger, acquisition or other similar transaction so long as (i) such entity's sponsorship would not cause Forty Niners SC to breach any existing agreement, (ii) Sponsor is not in default under this Agreements, and (iii) such sponsorship shall not otherwise cause a breach under this Agreement.

(v) for the Products (including, without limitation, MGAH22), Green Cross shall assign and promptly transfer to MacroGenics, at no expense to MacroGenics, all of Green Cross' right, title and interest in and to (A) all regulatory filings (such as INDs, CTAs and drug master files), Regulatory Approvals, and clinical trial agreements (to the extent assignable and not cancelled) for such Products(s), to the extent that MacroGenics elects to continue development of such Product(s); (B) all data, including clinical data, materials and information of any kind

sole ownership provided for in the second sentence of this Section 11.1.1.1(b).

Accordingly, LBIO shall have available, in addition to any other right or remedy available to it, the right to seek an injunction from a court of competent jurisdiction restraining such a breach (or threatened breach) and to specific performance of any such Section.

Supplier and/or Reseller may assign or novate this Agreement and the rights and obligations under it to any of its affiliates or upon any merger or acquisition or the sale of all or substantially all of its assets relating to the Agreement.

FMM grants to iVillage, during the Initial Term of this Agreement, a royalty-free, non-exclusive, worldwide license to use, reproduce and display Ford's tradenames, trademarks, service marks and logos (collectively, the "Marks") in connection with this Agreement.

DCL will reimburse Redundancy Costs to SEV in accordance with Clause 11.6 up to a maximum total sum as set out in Schedule Two ("the Redundancy Cap").

As regards Intellectual Property created by Rubicon, Rubicon acknowledges and agrees that those Works, as defined below, shall belong exclusively to ISA subject to payment in accordance with clause 4.2

In the event that, after the Effective Date, a Third Party (an "Acquirer") either (a) merges with Company, (b) acquires "control" (as defined in Section 1.4) of Company or (c) acquires substantially all the assets of the Company (each of (a), (b) and (c), an "Acquisition"), and such Acquirer or any of its Affiliates immediately prior to such Acquisition is commercializing a Competing Product in the Territory, then either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement on [***] ([***]) days written notice delivered within [***] ([***]) days of the closing of such Acquisition, and Company shall not be deemed to be marketing, promoting, selling, distributing or commercializing a Competing Product in breach of this Section for so long as it is conducting such activities solely through personnel who are not involved in any activities under this Agreement and do not have access to Janssen's Confidential Information hereunder.

Vyera will, upon reasonable request of CytoDyn, and at CytoDyn's expense, execute or cause to be executed, any assignments, filings, applications or other documents that CytoDyn may require to evidence its rights in the Inventions.

Roche shall have the right to terminate the Agreement in its entirety, or on a Work Stream-by-Work Stream basis, except for the ctDNA Work Stream, upon […***…] prior written notice, without cause.

Neither this Agreement nor any part of this Agreement may be assigned or transferred by either party without the prior written consent of the other party.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PcoMed hereby grants to Integra and its Affiliates a sole and exclusive worldwide right to sell and commercialize Integra Products treated by PcoMed, with the PcoMed Surface Modification Technology (the "Right") for use in the Field in the Territory, including the right to conduct research and development in support of any of the foregoing.

For clarity and without limiting Section 8.8.1 (Non-Exclusive Manufacturing License; Covenant), the licenses granted to Ginkgo in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and Section 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) do not include the right to make, have made, offer to sell or sell Consumables, [***], to or for Third Parties or any Ginkgo Affiliate or Ginkgo Subcontractor that are [***] on the Beacon Platform [***].

Either party may assign or otherwise transfer all or part of this Agreement to any of its Affiliates, and for as long as it remains an Affiliate; provided that no such assignment shall relieve a party of any of its obligations under this Agreement.

(c) Customer's exclusive remedy and Changepoint's sole obligation with respect to the breach of any of the foregoing warranties is for Changepoint to (i) make commercially reasonable efforts to correct or provide Customer with a workaround for the failure of the Licensed Software to conform substantially to the description thereof in the Documentation or to comply with the Y2K Warranty, as the case may be, or, at Changepoint's sole option, provide Customer with a refund for the License Fees paid with respect to such Licensed Software, and (ii) provide Customer with replacement media in the event there are defects in materials or workmanship in the media upon which the Licensed Software and Documentation are provided if the media is returned to Changepoint within the Warranty Period.

Customer may terminate this Agreement (including all Service Option Attachments) or any Service Option Attachment (with the exception of any Service Option Attachment that is a prerequisite for the provision of Services under a non-terminated Service Option Attachment) for convenience at the end of any calendar month by: a. providing at least one month's prior written notice to IBM; and b. paying the applicable early termination charges, if any, specified in Attachment A and applicable Service Option Attachments.

PAYMENT YEAR MINIMUM PAYMENT ACCESS FEE SECOND COMPONENT Year 1 $400,000 $300,000 $100,000 Year 2 $700,000 $300,000 $400,000 Year 3 $1,100,000 $300,000 $800,000 Year 4 $1,600,000 $300,000 $1,300,000 Year 5 $2,100,000 $300,000 $1,800,000

otherwise, to MS for or in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby or any actions or inactions by or on behalf of the MSCI Provider Group in connection with this Agreement and such transactions.

During the Term, Charterer agrees that Owner will be the sole and exclusive provider of marine transportation services for #2 fuel oil and high sulfur diesel owned by Charterer or owned by others and in transit for sale to Charterer so long as Owner has the required equipment available.

deliverable (including Magenta Developed Intellectual Property (including Product)) or is otherwise necessary to fully exploit such deliverable, Bachem hereby grants to Magenta a perpetual, irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid up, royalty-free license under such Bachem Intellectual Property (with the full right to sublicense directly or indirectly through multiple tiers) to (i) copy, distribute, display, perform and create derivative works of the Bachem Intellectual Property, in whole or in part; and (ii) to use Bachem Intellectual Property and/or practice the subject matter thereof, in each case solely in connection with manufacturing, marketing, promoting, using, selling, offering for sale, importing or distributing such deliverable (e.g., Product).

Any payments made in order to satisfy the "Minimum Fee" which can be characterized as an advance of amounts due from advertising clients which is "earned but not yet paid" shall be deducted from the following year's payments when such amounts have in fact been collected.

NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OF ANY KIND (INCLUDING LOST PROFITS) REGARDLESS OF THE FORM OF ACTION, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY OR OTHERWISE, SUFFERED BY THE OTHER PARTY, EVEN IF THAT PARTY HAS BEEN INFORMED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH DAMAGES IN ADVANCE. [***].

BII shall provide reasonable assistance to XENCOR for any action which may be necessary to assign or otherwise transfer any rights to XENCOR Intellectual Property contemplated by this Section 8.2.1.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NOTHING IN THIS SECTION 11.4 IS INTENDED TO OR SHALL LIMIT OR RESTRICT THE INDEMNIFICATION RIGHTS OR OBLIGATIONS OF ANY PARTY UNDER SECTION 11.1 or 11.2, OR DAMAGES AVAILABLE FOR A PARTY'S BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER ARTICLE 12.

Seller hereby covenants and agrees, that from time to time forthwith upon the reasonable written request of Backhaul or Buyer, that Seller will, at Backhaul's cost and expense, do, execute, acknowledge and deliver or cause to be done, executed, acknowledged and delivered, each and all of such further acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances and assurances as may reasonably be required by Backhaul or Buyer in order to transfer, assign, convey and deliver unto and vest in Backhaul title to all right, title and interest of Seller in, to and under the Assigned Intellectual Property.

This Agreement will automatically renew for additional 1-year terms unless earlier terminated pursuant to this Agreement's express provisions (together with the Initial Term, such additional periods the "Term").

Datec must not assign this agreement or any right under this agreement unless Datec (a) is not in breach of this agreement; (b) obtains the prior written consent of the BSP (c) ensures that the assignee agrees to be bound by all of the Datec's obligations under this agreement; and (d) acknowledges that it remains bound by this agreement

Subject to McDATA's prior written approval, McDATA grants Reseller a limited, nonexclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to use McDATA's Trademarks (defined as McDATA's name or any abbreviation thereof, its acronym, logotype or any other trademarks or trade names of McDATA) for the sole purpose of marketing and selling Products and End User Customer Services in the Territory during the term of this Agreement Reseller agrees to comply with McDATA's Logo Usage Guide, which is found at McDATA's web site, www.mcdata.com.

XACCT'S SOLE LIABILITY AND LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DAMAGES WITH RESPECT TO PRODUCT MAINTENANCE SHALL BE AS SET FORTH IN THE LICENSE AGREEMENT.

To the fullest extent permitted by law, Vyera shall, and hereby does, assign all of its right title and interest in and to any and all Inventions to CytoDyn

Except as may be provided in any Schedule, Customer agrees that, during the Term, Metavante shall be Customer's sole and exclusive provider of all Services included in Metavante's Integrated Banking Solution (deposit and loan processing services provided by Metavante as of the Commencement Date).

for any reason on at least ninety (90) days written notice to the other party.

Failure of Distributor to purchase the Minimum Purchase Quantities for any Contract Year, shall be considered a material breach of this Agreement.

or Ford Motor Credit, then iVillage, at iVillage's option, may refund the remaining impression deficiency to FMM, and immediately upon pavement of such, the "make good" obligation shall terminate.

Each Party shall own rights to any Internet domain names incorporating the Product Trademark(s) owned by such Party under Section 12.1 or any variation or part of such Product Trademark(s) as its URL address or any part of such address, and agrees to grant, and hereby grants to the other Party a royalty-free, fully paid-up exclusive license to use those particular Internet domain names which the grantee Party elects to use (and actually uses) in connection with the grantee Party's commercialization of the applicable Product in the grantee Party's Territory in accordance with this Agreement.

Except as otherwise expressly provided under this Agreement, Customer shall have no right, and Customer specifically agrees not to: (i) transfer, assign or sublicense its license rights to any other person or entity, or use the Software on unauthorized or secondhand Cisco equipment, and Customer acknowledges that any attempted transfer, assignment, sublicense or use shall be void;

Party A grants all-round exclusive rights to Party B to construct, maintain and operate the Cooperation channel.

Approved Images § Minimum 5 Photos · Studio or in the field of Tarek o File Format: .jpg, .psd, .tiff, .png. o Approved Copy § Minimum 3 topics to post · 1-2 paragraphs of content o Event promotion, Motivational and Real Estate Content o Approved Videos § Minimum 3 Videos · 60 seconds to 3 minutes + o Studio or in the field of Tarek · Event promotion, Motivational and Real Estate Content o Personal Post § Minimum 1 social post on all platforms inviting people to events, products or services

NETTAXI may terminate this Agreement at any time for

Each Party may assign its rights under the Agreement, but any assignment of rights will be void to the extent that (i) the assignment purports to impose upon the non-assigning Party additional costs or obligations or requires AT&T to make payments to any Person other than Vendor, (ii) the assignment purports to preclude AT&T from dealing solely and directly with Vendor in all matters pertaining to this Agreement, including with respect to payments of Structured Payments and Maintenance Fees or (iii) the assignee is a Restricted Entity.

The Parties will issue a joint press release promptly upon concluding Advertising. this Agreement, which press release shall be subject to the Party's mutual approval, which shall in any event state that Company is the exclusive provider on the ACSI Site of premium spoken-word audio product for download or streaming over the world wide web.

LKPL shall have the exclusive right to market and sell AMR Product Suites to entities whose corporate headquarters are physically located outside the United States and its territories.

In the event of any breach of this Agreement, the sole remedy of the non-breaching Party will be to seek monetary damages or equitable relief, including specific performance, as provided in Article VII, that does not involve a rescission or termination of any of the provisions of this Agreement (including the license rights provided in this Article III), and each Party irrevocably waives the right to seek any termination or rescission of any such provisions or rights.

Bank of America will own exclusively all Work Product and Supplier hereby assigns to Bank of America all right, title and interest (including all Intellectual Property Rights) in the Work Product. Work Product, to the extent permitted by law, shall be deemed "works made for hire" (as that term is defined in the United States Copyright Act).

Subject to Section 1.2, Franchisor hereby grants to Franchisee the exclusive right, (a) to establish and operate Smaaash Centres in the Territory, (b) to sub-license the right to establish and operate Smaaash Centres to third party franchisees in and for the Territory, (c) a license to use the products and other services developed by Franchisor with respect to the Smaaash Centres (including a right to authorise the use of products and services developed by the Franchisor by third party franchisees), in the Territory, and (d) to identify third party franchisees for the Smaaash Centres in the Territory.

DISTRIBUTOR agrees to satisfy the annual and quarterly sale targets for the Products set forth in Appendix 3 herein as mutually agreed to by the parties hereof.

theglobe hereby grants to Boxlot a nonexclusive license to use such code solely to permit theglobe or its designee to serve ads in connection with the Co-Branded Pages.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Company hereby grants to Allscripts a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable , non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), sublicensable (through multiple levels of sublicensees), fully paid-up right and license under all of the Company's Intellectual Property to access, use, reproduce, perform, display, transmit, demonstrate, test, operate, port, configure, distribute, and make derivative works of the Documentation, Company Marketing Materials and Allscripts Marketing Materials, in whole or in part, throughout the Territory, for any purpose consistent with Section 8.1, [***].

Each party shall have the right to assign its rights,

Should the Licensed Materials or any of them become, or in Changepoint's sole opinion be likely to become, the subject of a claim of infringement, misappropriation, or violation of an Intellectual Property Right (an "Infringement Claim") Changepoint may (i) procure for Customer, at no cost to Customer the right to continue to use the Licensed Materials which are the subject of the Infringement Claim (ii) replace or modify the Licensed Materials or part thereof subject to such Infringement Claim with software or documentation of at least comparable functionality, at no cost to Customer, or (iii) if neither of the forgoing alternatives are reasonably practical in Changepoint's sole judgement, remove the component that is the subject of the Infringement Claim or any or all other parts of the Licensed Materials and refund to Customer the License Fees paid by Customer for the part removed as depreciated on a straight line five (5) year basis from the date of delivery of the part to Customer.

Client holds certain customer data relating to the Playboy Commerce Business ("Existing Customer Data") and hereby grants to EFS a non-exclusive, limited, non-sublicensable, non-transferable, revocable license to store and use such Existing Customer Data solely for purposes of the operation and promotion of the Playboy Commerce

irrevocably assign and transfer to us (or to our designee) all of your right, title and interest in any domain name listings and registrations that contain any reference to our Marks, System, Network or Brand; notify the applicable domain name registrars of the termination of your right to use any domain name or Sites associated with the Marks or the Brand; and authorize and instruct the cancellation of the domain name, or transfer of the domain name to us (or our designee), as we specify

Unless either party gives written notice of termination of this Agreement at least 60 days prior to the end of the Initial Term, or any successive three-year term, this Agreement shall automatically renew for successive additional three-year terms; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the dissolution of the client.

Subject to the terms and conditions hereof, drkoop.com hereby represents that it has the power and authority to grant, and does hereby grant to Sponsor a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free, worldwide license to reproduce and display all logos, trademarks, trade names and similar identifying material relating to drkoop.com and, solely as allowed pursuant to this Agreement, to the Dr. C. Everett Koop name (collectively, the "drkoop.com Marks") solely in connection with the promotion, marketing and distribution of the parties and the Sites in accordance with the terms hereof, provided, however, that Sponsor shall, other than as specifically provided for in Section 4.4 of this Agreement, not make any specific use of any drkoop.com Marks without first submitting a sample of such use to drkoop.com and obtaining its prior consent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

IN NO EVENT SHALL SELLER BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES.

[***] hereby grants to [***] a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except

You hereby grant to us (and agree to obtain from your affiliates, owners, employees, and/or contractors), a perpetual, non-exclusive, and worldwide right to use any such ideas, concepts, methods, techniques and products in any businesses that we and/or our affiliates, franchisees and designees operate. We will have the right to use those ideas, concepts, methods, techniques, and/or products without making payment to you. You agree not to use or allow any other person or entity to use any such concept, method, technique or product without obtaining our prior written approval.

(b) by the Licensee (i) at any time in the event such Licensee assigns or attempts to assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of the Licensee's rights or duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the Licensor

IntriCon is not liable in any way to Dynamic Hearing for any indirect, consequential, third party, special or incidental harm, liability, expense, cost, loss or damage, loss of profits, loss of data, exemplary damages or any other indirect commercial or economic loss of any kind whatsoever incurred by Dynamic Hearing whether in negligence, tort, equity, contract or otherwise, arising in connection with this Agreement;

During the term of this Agreement, ENVISION will exclusively purchase the Product from SIERRA.

In no event will Agent be liable for special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive losses or damages of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if Agent has been advised of the possibility of such losses or damages and regardless of the form of action.

Upon any failure of a Product to comply with the above warranty, Contractor's sole obligation, and Customer's sole remedy, is for Contractor, at its option, to promptly repair or replace such Product and return it to Customer freight prepaid.

In order to maintain the exclusivity granted hereunder, Zanotti shall provide Aura with orders for a minimum of (i) one thousand (1,000) AETRU Systems during the first twenty-four (24) months of this Agreement and (ii) seven hundred and fifty (750) AETRU Systems per year thereafter for so long as this Agreement remains in effect (the "Minimum Order").

MBRK may terminate this Agreement upon 60 days notice for a Change of Control subject to the Fees outlined in paragraph (f) of this Section 18.

may provide for different fees, advertising requirements, duration, and other rights and obligations from those provided in this Agreement); 4. The proposed transferee agrees in writing to perform such maintenance, remodeling and re-equipping of the Restaurant that we determine necessary to bring the Restaurant in compliance with our then-current standards; 5. Prior to the date of the proposed Transfer, the proposed transferee's management team successfully completes such training and instruction as we deem necessary; 6. We are satisfied that the proposed transferee (and if the proposed transferee is an entity, all holders of any interest in such entity) meets all of the requirements for our new franchisees applicable on the date we receive notice of the proposed transfer and including, but not limited to, good reputation and character, business experience, restaurant management experience, and financial strength and liquidity; 7. You and all holders of an interest in you execute a general release, in the form prescribed by us, releasing, to the fullest extent permitted by law, all claims that you or any of your investors may have against us and our affiliates, including our and their respective shareholders, officers, directors and employees, in both their individual and corporate capacities; 8. You pay us a transfer fee equal to one-half (1/2) of the then-current Initial Franchise Fee; and 9. We waive our right of first refusal under Paragraph XX.

PPI hereby grants EKR the exclusive right and license (with the right to sublicense) to use, market, promote, sell, distribute and warehouse the Products (the "Distribution Rights") in the Field in the Territory during the Term, as well as to make or have made the Products anywhere in the world for import or sale in the Field in the Territory in each case, under the PPI IP provided that PPI retains all rights necessary to manufacture and supply the Products to EKR in accordance with this Agreement and the Supply Agreement.

If the BSP gives such a notice of termination, then: (a) if the change of control: (i) results in a competitor of the BSP controlling Datec or (ii) is reasonably likely in the BSP's opinion, to have a detrimental effect on Datec's ability to provide the Services in accordance with the agreement, then the BSP will pay Datec according to Section 14 - "Termination" of this agreement and the Termination Table in Schedule C.

(b) obtain a confidential nondisclosure agreement with the prospective Sub-Distributor in a form acceptable to PPI, which acceptance shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and containing terms at least as stringent as those terms included in Article 11 of this Agreement; (c) deliver to the prospective Sub-Distributor a redacted copy of this Agreement ("Redacted Agreement") . Any sub- distribution agreement shall provide that such agreement is subject and subordinate to the rights of PPI under this Agreement; and (d) provides PPI with a copy of written sub-distribution agreement as soon as reasonably practicable after the execution thereof by EKR.

Distributor shall not sell or otherwise transfer any of the rights granted pursuant to this Agreement to any third party without the prior written consent of Vendor; provided, however, Distributor may enter into distribution arrangements with regional distributors within the Territory in its efforts to promote, advertise and distribute the Products in accordance with this Agreement;

This Agreement may be terminated by either Party upon [***] written notice to the other Party in the event that the other Party undergoes a Change of Control; provided, however, that such termination notice shall only be effective if delivered within [***] after the later of the occurrence of such Change of Control or the date the Party undergoing the Change of Control delivers written notice thereof to the other Party.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, SIGA hereby grants to MMT an exclusive right and license, with the right to grant sublicenses as permitted under Section 2.1(b), under the SIGA Intellectual Property solely to Promote the Product in the Field in the Territory.

AbbVie may use one (1) or more of its Affiliates to perform its obligations and duties hereunder and such AbbVie Affiliates are expressly granted certain rights herein; provided that each such Affiliate shall be bound by the corresponding obligations of AbbVie and, subject to an assignment to such Affiliate pursuant to Section 13.4, AbbVie shall remain liable hereunder for the prompt payment and performance of all their respective obligations hereunder.

Work in Progress - all plans, systems designs, Documentation, working materials, specifications, flow charts source code, documented test results and other Work Product prepared by Supplier pursuant to this Agreement or during development of the Customizations.

Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, McDATA's entire liability in any given instance from any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of action, whether in contract, warranty or tort (including negligence) or any other theory of liability in law or in equity, will in no event exceed the lease, of (i) the purchase price for the specific Product that is the subject matter of or is directly relative the cause of action; or (ii) Five Hundred Thousand Dollars ($500,000).

EXCEPT FOR DAMAGES FOR WHICH A PARTY IS RESPONSIBLE PURSUANT TO ITS INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN SECTION 10 ABOVE, NO ACTION, REGARDLESS OF FORM, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT MAY BE BROUGHT BY EITHER PARTY MORE THAN [***] AFTER SUCH PARTY HAS KNOWLEDGE OF THE OCCURRENCE THAT GAVE RISE TO THE CAUSE OF SUCH ACTION.

This Agreement may not be assigned by either Party to any Third Party without the written consent of the other Party hereto; except either Party may assign this Agreement without the other Party's consent to an entity that acquires substantially all of the business or assets of the assigning Party, whether by merger, acquisition or otherwise; provided that the acquiring party agrees in a writing delivered to the non-assigning Party to assume all of the rights and obligations of the assigning Party under this Agreement.

The Indemnifying Party's liability for all claims made under this Agreement shall be subject to the following limitations: (i) the Indemnifying Party shall […***…] for such claims until the […***…] of the […***…] shall […***…] of the […***…] by the […***…] of all of the […***…] and […***…] of […***…], in which case the Indemnifying Party shall be liable only for the […***…] of the [… ***…] of the […***…] by the […***…] of all of the […***…] and […***…] of […***…], and (ii) the Indemnifying Party's […***…] for [… ***…] shall not […***…] of the […***…] by the […***…] of all of the […***…] and […***…] of […***…].

Tadeo will have the right (but not the obligation) to terminate this Agreement and the rights granted to Diplomat hereunder, upon 60 days written notice to Diplomat, following the acquisition of all or substantially all of the assets of Diplomat by any Permitted Assignee (as defined in Section 9(a) of this Agreement), or the acquisition of the beneficial ownership of at least 20% (the "Threshold") of the voting power represented by the voting securities of Diplomat, any successor thereto or any Permitted Assignee by any person or

Each party hereby grants to the other a non-exclusive, limited license to use its trademarks, service marks or trade names only as specifically described in this Agreement.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Xencor hereby grants to Aimmune during the Term an exclusive, worldwide, payment-bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents, and a non-exclusive, payment bearing license under and with respect to Xencor Know-How, in each case, with the right to sublicense solely in accordance with Section 2.3.2, solely to Develop, Manufacture and Commercialize the Product in and for the Licensed Field; provided that notwithstanding the foregoing, Xencor shall retain the right under and with respect to Xencor Patents and Xencor's interest in Joint Collaboration Patents to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement.

SFJ shall, and hereby does, assign to MedImmune and will cause each of its officers, directors, employees and Affiliates, and its and their respective Permitted Third Parties, to assign to MedImmune all right, title and interest in and to all (i) AstraZeneca Product Improvements that are conceived, discovered, developed or otherwise made by or on behalf of SFJ or any of its Affiliates (including by any of their respective Third Party contractors), (ii) AstraZeneca Product Know-How generated by or on behalf of SFJ or any of its Affiliates (including by any of their respective Third Party contractors), and (iii) AstraZeneca Product Patents claiming any such AstraZeneca Product Improvement(s) or AstraZeneca Product Know-How; in each case, without additional compensation, as is necessary to fully effect the sole ownership provided for in the first sentence of this Section 11.1.1.2(a).

Any assignment or agreement or other transaction by Company that fails to be in complete compliance with this Article 3.07 or any other provision of this IP Agreement shall be null and void.

Except as otherwise provided in Section 10.5, in the event of any breach of a term or condition of this Agreement by either Party, the other Party's remedy shall be limited to the direct damages caused thereby and in no event shall a Party be liable to the other Party for any consequential, indirect, pecuniary, punitive, or economic damages, howsoever caused.

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE FOR Source: STAMPS.COM INC, 10-Q, 11/14/2000 CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, INDIRECT, OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF A PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, AND UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE. THESE LIMITATIONS SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY.

Subject to the provisions of 11.1, Dynamic Hearing may terminate this Agreement upon three (3) months written notice to IntriCon of such termination.

Notwithstanding revenue actually generated by EFS in connection with the Playboy Commerce Business hereunder, it is understood and agreed that the Royalty paid to Client in each Year of the Term shall not be less than the amounts set forth in Exhibit 10 (the "Minimum Royalty").

THE PROVISIONS OF THIS PARAGRAPH 14 SET FORTH EACH PARTY'S SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE OBLIGATIONS AND REMEDIES WITH RESPECT TO THIRD PARTY CLAIMS OF INFRINGEMENT OR MISAPPROPRIATION OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF ANY KIND UNLESS OTHERWISE STIPULATED BY JUDICIAL ORDER.

Any Invention that is neither PcoMed Technology nor Integra Technology but that is Derived during the Term jointly by the parties relating to this Agreement shall be the property of (i) PcoMed if it relates primarily to the PcoMed Technology and (ii) Integra if it relates primarily to the Integra Products; provided that the parties may agree that an Invention that is Derived during the Term jointly may become the property of both parties, including Inventions or methods related to the surface preparation of Integra Products

Distributor shall have the exclusive right to market, promote, sell, offer for sale, import, package and otherwise Commercialize the Product in the Field in the Territory, at its sole cost and expense, in accordance with Applicable Laws and the Commercialization Plan and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement.

Additionally, the Affinities shall collectively contain at least sixteen thousand (16,000) Articles written in simplified Chinese characters, with an average and median number of words per Article of no less than one thousand (1,000) simplified Chinese characters.

No Joint Venturer shall be authorized or empowered to mortgage, hypothecate, pledge, sell, or transfer, an interest in the Joint Venture, nor confer on any successor or assignee the right to become a Joint Venturer without the consent of the other Joint Venturer.

Customer grants to IBM: 1. an irrevocable, nonexclusive, worldwide, paid-up license to use, execute, reproduce, display, perform, distribute (internally and externally) copies of, and prepare derivative works based on Type I Materials; and 2. the right to authorize others to do any of the same.

In the event Duval does not meet the Minimum Annual Performance Requirements for a Contract Year, $375,000 of the Additional License Fee will be deemed to be unearned.

solicit any Customers that have a business presence outside the Territory, except that Distributor shall not conduct solicitation activities in any outside territory where Hydraspin is bound to an exclusive distributor agreement with a third party, provided that Hydraspin has notified Distributor in writing of its arrangements with the other distributor and of the territory which is subject to exclusivity in favor of the other distributor.

the Parties may at any time assign or transfer all or part of its rights and obligations under this Agreement to any of its Affiliates provided that such assignment or transfer is previously notified to the other Party.

Except for claims under Sections 15.4 [INDEMNIFICATION BY NEOFORMA] and 15.5 [INDEMNIFICATION BY VERTICALNET] hereof, neither Party may bring a claim or action regardless of form, arising out of or related to this Agreement, including any claim of fraud or misrepresentation, more than two years after the cause of action accrues or

This Agreement shall renew automatically thereafter for successive one year periods until terminated pursuant to Section 12 herein or unless either Client or TrueLink deliver to the other written notice of intent not to renew no later than thirty (30) days prior to the end of said year.

At any time after July 1, 2015, PPI shall have the right, exercisable upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to EKR, to terminate the Lease Term and repurchase the Transferred Equipment from EKR, subject to payment by PPI to EKR within five (5) days of such notice of any principal paid by EKR under the Promissory Note, which if exercised shall result in the termination of the Step-in Right set forth in Section 17.5.

In the event Customer shall utilize Kubient's ad serving technology as part of the Services, Kubient hereby grants to Customer a limited, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-transferable, non-assignable, without right of sublicense, revocable license to access, participate in and use to the full extent the Auction Platform as hosted by Kubient, for the purpose of serving Inventory at Target Demand (" ").

The Manufacturer grants exclusive rights to the Customer for the term of ten (10) years from the date of the signing of this agreement and for an indefinite period upon the customer fulfilling the minimum annual purchase requirement as listed in Schedule B. of this agreement.

Based on the foregoing, and subject to the terms and conditions contained in this Agreement, the Agents severally and not jointly agree to act as, and the Corporation appoints the Agents as, the exclusive agents of the Corporation to offer the Offered Shares for sale on the Closing Date (as defined herein) in the Selling Jurisdictions (as defined herein) on a private placement basis at the Offering Price.

Company at its sole discretion may at any time alter or cease providing the Customer Service which it has agreed to provide to Client relating to Client Website pursuant to this Agreement without any liability to Company.

13.2.3.6 you, the Transferee and/or transferee Equity Owner(s) submit to us all information related to the Transfer that we require, including applications; and 13.2.3.7 the Transferee meets our then-current business requirements for new franchisees and is neither a Sanctioned Person nor a Competitor.

Agent's appointment shall be exclusive for the Kallo Mobile care suite of products and services marked in Schedule A to this Agreement.

THE REMEDIES SPECIFIED ABOVE SHALL BE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDIES OF LICENSEE REGARDING THE LICENSED PRODUCTS.

Either party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement without cause, effective at any time after January 31, 1999, upon giving at least ninety (90) days prior written notice of such termination to the other party.

Neither Party shall be liable to the other for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential, punitive or exemplary damages, including, but not limited to, lost profits, even if such Party alleged to be liable has knowledge of the possibility of such damages, provided, however, that the limitations set forth in this Section shall not apply to or in any way limit the obligations of the Section entitled "Indemnity," the Section entitled "Confidentiality and Information Protection," or Supplier's gross negligence or willful misconduct.

Metavante's sole responsibility, and Customer's sole remedy, shall be to provide, at Metavante's expense, a conforming replacement card to the appropriate cardholder(s).

Neither party may bring an action, regardless of form, arising out of or related to this Agreement (other than to recover License Fees or Maintenance Fees) more than two (2) years after the cause of action has arisen or the date of discovery of such cause, whichever is later.

EXCEPT IN CASES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT OR FRAUD, INDEMNIFICATION CLAIMS UNDER SECTION 5 OR BREACHES OF SECTION 2 (TRADEMARKS), 8 (CONFIDENTIALITY), OR 9 (NO AGENCY RELATIONSHIP), IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY OR ITS OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, OR EMPLOYEES BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY IN CONNECTION WITH THE SUBJECT MATTER HEREOF, FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, LOST PROFITS OR LOST REVENUE, WHETHER ARISING IN CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STATUTE, OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY THEREOF.

Once the monthly License Fee for a particular Unit has started, it will continue for a minimum of 36 consecutive months with the only exception being that should Power2Ship uninstall a particular Unit from one customer and install it at another customer, Power2Ship is permitted to suspend the monthly License Fee for that particular Unit for a maximum of 2 months during the life of this Agreement.

Neither Party shall have the right to assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations under this Agreement except with the prior written consent of the other Party, not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed.

Subject to the restrictions set out in Section 2.2, ENERGOUS hereby grants to DIALOG a non-exclusive (subject to Section 2.5), irrevocable, worldwide, sub-licensable (solely in accordance with Section 2.4), royalty-bearing license during the Term under all Product IP to:

By providing written notice, theglobe may terminate this Agreement in its sole discretion if one of the following companies (or their subsidiaries) does an "Ownership Change Event": Lycos, Yahoo (including GeoCities, which shall be included even if their proposed merger does not occur), Xoom, Fortune City, Excite, Go Network (including Disney and Infoseek), Snap! (including NBC) and AOL.

Neither Newegg nor Allied shall have the right or power to assign or transfer any part of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without the prior consent in writing of the other Party

in, or the assets of, any member of the SpinCo Group in a single transaction or a series of related transactions to one or more third parties, (y) any direct or indirect acquisition, consolidation or merger of any member of the SpinCo Group by, with or into any third party or (z) any spin-off, public offering or other corporate reorganization or single transaction or series of related transactions in which direct or indirect control of any member of the SpinCo Group is transferred to one or more third parties, including by transferring an excess of fifty percent (50%) of such member of the SpinCo Group's voting power, shares or equity, through a merger, consolidation, tender offer or similar transaction to one or more third parties

Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non- exclusive, worldwide right to use and reproduce the Master Copy of each Licensed Product and the related Documentation during the term of this Agreement for testing, demonstration to Redistributors. and Customers, support and maintenance, if any, back-up and archive purposes.

EACH PARTY'S LIABILITY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT EXCEED AN AMOUNT EQUAL TO THE AGGREGATE AMOUNTS PAID OR PAYABLE TO LICENSOR IN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE COMMENCEMENT OF THE CLAIM.

This Agreement shall be automatically renewed for an additional one year period on each anniversary of the Effective Date, unless terminated by either Party hereto upon ninety (90) days written notice to the other.

This Agreement shall terminate automatically without notice and immediately (a) if MS Capital Partners Adviser Inc. or another affiliate of Licensor is no longer acting as the investment adviser (any such entity, the "Advisor") to Licensee under the Investment Advisory Agreement, dated as of [·], 201[9] (as the same may

Notwithstanding anything else in this Agreement, in the event of termination under this Paragraph 12.04 ExxonMobil may terminate any licenses granted to FCE under this Agreement that would otherwise survive termination, taking into account the circumstances surrounding the Change in Control.

The initial term of this Agreement and any renewal term thereof shall be automatically extended at the end of the initial term and any renewal term thereof for an additional one (1) year period unless either Party notifies the other Party not less than six (6) months before the end of the then in effect term of its intent to terminate this Agreement.

Either Party shall be entitled forthwith to terminate this Agreement by notice to the other if:

Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations under this Agreement, including the licenses granted pursuant to this Agreement, shall be assigned, in whole or in part, by operation of Law or otherwise by either Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Regardless of the basis on which Customer is entitled to claim damages from IBM (including fundamental breach, negligence, misrepresentation, or other contract or tort claim), IBM is liable for no more than: a. indemnification payments as provided in Section 8.1; b. damages for bodily injury (including death) and damage to real property and tangible personal property; and c. the amount of any other actual direct damages, up to the greater of $100,000 or the charges paid by Customer to IBM for the Services in the twelve (12) months immediately preceding the accrual of the first claim related to the Services.

However, no assignment shall be effective until such time as Franchisor or its designated affiliate gives Lessor written notice of its acceptance of the assignment, and nothing contained herein or in any other document shall constitute Franchisor or its designated subsidiary or affiliate a party to the Lease Agreement, or guarantor thereof, and shall not create any liability or obligation of Franchisor or its parent unless and until the Lease Agreement is assigned to, and accepted in writing by, Franchisor or its parent, subsidiary or affiliate.

Either party wishing to terminate the Agreement must give written notice to the other party at least thirty (30) days prior to the desired date of termination.

Achaogen shall own all discoveries and inventions made by one or both of the Parties as part of the Research Program, whether or not patentable, relating (i) solely to Plazomicin, the Achaogen Patents, the Achaogen Know-How, and Achaogen Materials or (ii) [***] (each of (i) and (ii), "Achaogen Inventions").

This Agreement may not be assigned by Licensee without the consent of Licensor which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Unless terminated in accordance with the provisions of Section 18, this Agreement shall automatically renew for each subsequent one-year term.

Any attempted assignment of this Agreement in violation of this Section 9.13 shall be null and void.

eDiets hereby grants Women.com a non-exclusive, non-transferable, royalty-free worldwide right and license without the right to sublicense to use the eDiets Marks during the Term solely in connection with (i) the fulfillment of Women.com's obligations under this Agreement, and (ii) in advertising and marketing collateral related to this Agreement.

An "Ownership Change Event" means: (x) the acquisition of 50% or more of Boxlot's equity or voting interests; (y) a merger or consolidation of Boxlot; or (z) the sale, exchange or transfer of all or substantially all of Boxlot's assets related to the Service.

Negotiating in good faith, the Parties shall agree to a reasonable minimum percentage of Product supply to [***] Import Alert.

This AGREEMENT and the licence granted hereunder shall terminate should any of the following events occur: 6. 2. 1. 30 (thirty) days after TELKOM gives SAP AFRICA written notice of TELKOM's wish to terminate this AGREEMENT for any reason. Any such termination shall be subject to accrued rights and obligations but only after payment of all Licence and Maintenance Fees then due and owing;

Licensee at any time in the event Licensee assigns or attempts to assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of Licensee's rights or duties hereunder without the prior written consent of Licensor.

A representative of BKC who shall make not less than two (2) one day visits to Poland per annum to provide the Franchisee with any requested reasonable operations or marketing guidance and advice.

a) such Affiliated Company expressly assumes, by written instrument, all of the obligations of the Party under this Agreement and thereby becomes a Party to this Agreement, and b) such Affiliated Company has adequate financial strength, resources and experience in the reasonable opinion of the other Party (such opinion to be obtained in writing in advance of any assignment), to comply with its obligations under this Agreement. Such assignment shall not release the assigning Party of its obligations under article 11 of this Agreement.

Accordingly, except as otherwise expressly provided below, neither Nantz Communications nor Nantz shall assign any of their respective rights or delegate any of their respective duties or obligations under this Agreement without the written consent of the Company.

Notwithstanding the aforesaid, it is agreed that any manufacturing methods applied by Contractor, which are Contractor's Proprietary Information, may be used by NICE itself (including its Affiliates) (but may not be transferred/disclosed to any third party) and by signing this Agreement Contractor hereby grants NICE a personal, non exclusive, non transferable, perpetual license to use such manufacturing methods.

Each Investors Capital Party acknowledges that none of the PHL Parties or their Affiliates shall be deemed to have guaranteed the profitability of the GIE or any volume of sales, and no indemnification shall arise based on an assertion of such a guarantee of profitability of the GIE or volume of sales.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew only upon the mutual written agreement of the parties for up to three additional renewal terms of one year each (each, a "Renewal Term").

THE WARRANTIES OF WGT AND THE REMEDIES OF DISTRIBUTOR SET FORTH IN PARGRAPHS 14 AND 15 ARE EXCLUSIVE AND IN SUBSTITUTION FOR, AND DISTRIBUTOR HEREBY WAIVES, RELEASES AND DISCLAIMS.

Subject to the terms and conditions herein, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non- transferable, and (subject to Section 1.2 hereof) non-sublicensable license for the use of the Brand solely for the Permitted Activity.

Neither of the parties hereto may assign its rights or delegate any of its duties under this Agreement without the prior written consent of each other party.

T&B shall not, during the Term, grant any third party a license to use the Licensed Intellectual Property within the Exclusive Field of Use.

The Professional hereby grants to the Company the exclusive and worldwide right to use her name, likeness, image and personal identification, singly or in any combination, during the Term and for a period of six (6) months after the Term as provided in Section 2.8, in the creation of two (2) print advertisements per year and one (1) television advertisement per year (together, the "Advertisements") for any golf equipment, along with all rights in any images, videos, advertisement copy or other materials created by the Professional or others.

This Agreement shall be binding upon, and shall inure to the benefit of successors of the Parties hereto, or to any assignee of all of the goodwill and entire business assets of a Party hereto relating to pharmaceuticals, but shall not otherwise be assignable without the prior written consent of the other Party.

You shall, at our option and request, and without any additional consideration, assign to us all rights to all e-mail addresses, URLs, domain names, Internet listings, and Internet accounts related to the Franchised Business following demand by us upon your misuse of the same and/or the termination or expiration of this Agreement.

Neither Party shall assign or transfer to any third party, without the prior written consent of the other Party, this Agreement or any rights granted herein.

CHT may use third parties to perform its foregoing rights, provided that any such third parties are not competitors of Ehave and shall be subject to confidentiality obligations.

IN NO EVENT WILL CISCO OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOST REVENUE, PROFIT, OR LOST OR DAMAGED DATA, OR FOR SPECIAL, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND REGARDLESS OF THE THEORY OF LIABILITY OR WHETHER ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE SOFTWARE OR OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF CISCO OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Regardless of the term, Licensee can terminate Agreement with at least one hundred eighty (180) days written notice with no further obligation.

Accordingly, either Party may terminate this Agreement or all/part of a Project for any reason and at any time upon giving the other Party sixty (60) days prior written notice.

In no event will IBM be liable for any lost profits, lost savings, incidental damages, or other economic consequential damages, even if IBM has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

This Agreement shall be binding on the parties and their respective successors and assigns, but neither party may, or shall have the power to, assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

Client has the unilateral right to cancel this agreement at any time within a 7-day notice period.

During the entire validity of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to License an exclusive and royaltyfree right to use the Trademark in the Territory.

Each party agrees that the sole and exclusive remedy for a breach of the warranties set forth in this Section 12 shall be the indemnification set forth in Section 13 below.

Thereafter, this Agreement shall be renewed automatically on a five (5) year basis, unless one party notifies the other of its desire to terminate this Agreement at least sixty 90 days prior to the expiration of the Initial Term or then current renewal term, as applicable, or unless a new Agreement is signed between the USA MCO and IMedicor which will then invalidate this Agreement.

This Agreement is binding upon each party's assigns, transferees and successors; provided that no party may assign or otherwise transfer, by operation of law or otherwise, this Agreement in whole or in part, without the other party's prior written consent.

Subject to requirements of applicable law, FCE will provide notice to ExxonMobil prior to, or promptly after, it becomes aware of any such Change in Control, and if prior notice is prohibited by applicable Law, as soon as practicable or after such notice is no longer prohibited, but in no event later than one (1) business day after any public announcement with respect to any such asset transfer or Change in Control.

In the event that termination is the result of Ginkgo exercising the Buy-Down Election (including payment of the Buy-Down Amount), then, as of the effective date of termination:

NEITHER PARTY SHALL HAVE ANY LIABILITY FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, PUNITIVE OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT THE LIMITATION, LOSS OF PROFIT OR BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES, WHETHER OR NOT THE PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILTY OF SUCH.

of such subcontracting Party (e.g. [***]) or (b) [***] (e.g. [***]) in order for a Party to [***].

all research and development assets and operations of the Acquired Party Family, in each case relating to SHP2 Inhibitors and Products, remain with the Acquired Party Family and are not licensed or otherwise transferred to the Acquiror Party Family for any purpose; (C) the scientific and Development activities with respect to SHP2 Inhibitors and Products of the Acquired Party Family and Competing Products of the Acquiror Family (if any) are maintained separate and distinct, and (D) there is no exchange of Know-How relating to SHP2 Inhibitors and Products between the Acquired Party Family and the Acquiror Family. Any attempted assignment not in accordance with this Section 15.2 shall be null and void and of no legal effect.

knowingly use the Services in violation of this Agreement.

In the event of any breach of the foregoing warranty, and provided that Converge reports such breach to VNE in writing within 90 days following the date of performance of the Services in question, VNE shall, as its sole obligation and Converge's sole and exclusive remedy, promptly repair, replace or re-perform the Services in question, without additional cost to Converge, so as to correct the warranty non-compliance as promptly as practicable (within 30 days to the extent technically feasible).

This Agreement shall not be assignable by either party unless the assignee expressly assumes in writing the obligations of the assignor hereunder.

Notwithstanding Section 3.01, Honeywell hereby grants, and agrees to cause the members of the Honeywell Group to hereby grant, to SpinCo and the members of the SpinCo Group, for a period of ten (10) years after the Distribution Date (unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3.03(c)), a non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully-paid, non-sublicenseable, non-transferable, worldwide license to use and reproduce the Honeywell Content solely for the SpinCo Group's internal business purposes.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event will Fox develop, publish and/or distribute games derived from the Property "ICE AGE 2" prior to January 1, 2007.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Allscripts hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, royalty-free, irrevocable [***] non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 28.4), fully paid-up right and license under all of Allscripts' Intellectual Property to use the Allscripts Marks, throughout the Territory, solely in connection with providing the Installed Software and Subscription Software Services to Sublicensed Customers who have signed a Customer Agreement and to otherwise fulfill the terms of this Agreement.

The Parties recognize the importance of fully developing the market for Products in the Exclusive Territory, and a substantial part of the consideration for and inducement to AIRSOPURE to enter into this Agreement is Your agreement to devote Your best efforts to market, sell and support Products to customers located in Your Exclusive Territory. You agree to concentrate Your marketing efforts to customers located in Your Territory, and You agree not to advertise the Products using media or publications whose primary coverage area is outside Your Exclusive Territory.

The rights and obligations of the parties under this Agreement shall not be assignable unless consent to the assignment is in writing and signed by the parties.

In the case that either company is acquired by, or merges with, another company which has reason to not wish to continue the relationship, that company may make a contract buyout payment [*] for the [*], with a [*] buyout payment amount of [*].

FG shall have the exclusive right and obligation to supply the Lead Compounds to Astellas and its Affiliates and Sublicensees for all development and commercial purposes, and Astellas and its Affiliates and Sublicensees shall purchase such Lead Compounds exclusively from FG.

CONSULTANT shall promptly disclose such Work Product to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company and, at the Company's expense, perform all actions reasonably requested by the Chief Executive Officer of the Company (whether during or after the consultancy) to establish and confirm such ownership (including assignments, consents, powers of attorney and other instruments).

Except as otherwise provided by this Agreement or in the event that either Party sells or otherwise transfers its Station to another (in which case such Party shall be required to assign to the Buyer, and such Buyer shall be required to assume, this Agreement, in its entirety), neither Party hereto shall assign its rights or obligations under this Agreement to a third party without the express written consent of the other Party, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

2TheMart hereby grants to i-Escrow a worldwide, non-exclusive right to use, reproduce, distribute, publicly perform, publicly display and digitally perform the 2TheMart Content soley with respect to and in conjunction with the Co-Branded Site all with the prior written consent of 2TheMart, for the term of this Agreement.

From and after the Promotion Commencement Date, King shall perform at least [***] PDEs per calendar year, with such amount prorated over the initial and final calendar years of the Term if either such year is a partial year.

In addition, the following provisions shall survive termination of this Agreement for any reason: Astellas shall assign or cause to be assigned to FG (or if not so assignable, Astellas shall take all reasonable actions to make available to FG) all regulatory filings and registrations (including MAAs and Marketing Approvals) with respect to the Lead Compounds that have been filed or made by or under authority of Astellas, and the rights in trademark with respect to each Lead Compound as provided for in Section 4.4.1, in each case such assignment (or availability)

Any assignment or transfer without such consent shall be null and void.

Logan's shall have the exclusive use of the hood, the rear quarter panel area above the tire and the bottom of the deck lid (rear facing panel, TV panel) of the Race Car, as shown on Exhibit C to this Agreement.

This Agreement may also be terminated by MusclePharm, upon fifteen days prior written notice, if death, or physical disability, physical injury, or other incapacity lasting more than eight (8) weeks, causes Endorser to be unable to perform a material amount of the personal or consulting services described in this Agreement.

This Agreement and all of the provisions hereof shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns (including by operation of law), but neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, interests or obligations hereunder shall be assigned by any Party, whether by operation of law or otherwise, without the prior written consent of the other Party; provided that either Party may collaterally assign its rights under this Agreement to any party providing debt or equity financing to such Party without the consent of the other Party.

UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES, INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE, SHALL XACCT BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOST PROFITS, LOSS OF DATA, OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT OR THE USE OF THE PRODUCT AND DOCUMENTATION EVEN IF XACCT HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES OR LOSSES.

(b) that all deliverables and work products in the form of works of authorship developed by CRO in the performance of Services under this Agreement shall be deemed works made for hire, and shall belong fully and exclusively to Client; and that if by operation of law such deliverables or work products are not works made for hire, CRO agrees to, and does hereby, assign to Client all right, title, and interest in such deliverables or work product, including all copyrights therein; (c) to execute all necessary documents and provide Client proper assistance (at its expense) sufficient to enable it to obtain patent, copyright or other legal protections for any such inventions or innovations as described in paragraph 7.1(a) and (b), and to make and maintain reasonably detailed accurate records of any such inventions or innovations;

Neither this Agreement nor any of the rights, duties and obligations of the parties hereunder may be assigned or delegated by XC or the AJR, as the case may be, without the prior written consent of the other party hereto.

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 3.1, if Integra (i) fails to timely pay any Minimum Payments due under Section 2.4 for any Minimum Payment Period

Turpin shall, at the Company's request, assist with, execute and deliver all further documents, applications, declarations, verifications, submissions, transfers and assignments and do all other things requested by the Company, acting reasonably, during the term hereof and thereafter, at the expense of the Company, but without additional compensation, to enable the Company or its nominees to apply for, acquire, prosecute, perfect, enforce and/or maintain any and all right, title and interest, in any country, in and to the Confidential Information, the Work Product and the Intellectual Property Rights in same.

Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason except as set forth in Section 17.4 below (and, if applicable, in respect of that country in respect of which termination occurs):

Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) either Party may, without the other Party's consent, assign this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder in whole or in part to an Affiliate; and (b) Dova may assign this Agreement to a successor in interest in connection with the sale or other transfer of all or substantially all of Dova's assets or rights relating to the Product; provided that such assignee shall remain subject to all of the terms and conditions hereof in all respects and shall assume all obligations of Dova hereunder whether accruing before or after such assignment.

Neither party may assign this Agreement or any rights and obligations under this Agreement to any third party without the written consent of the other party.

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE PARTIES' LIABILITY FOR INDEMNIFICATION, OR LIABILITY FOR BREACH OF CONFIDENTIALITY, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, SPECIAL OR OTHER SIMILAR DAMAGES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY THE OTHER PARTY'S EMPLOYEES OR REPRESENTATIVES„ WHETHER UNDER TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), CONTRACT OR OTHER THEORIES OF RECOVERY, EVEN IF THE OTHER PARTY WAS OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OR WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 8. Arbitration.

Co-Host shall be the exclusive reseller of software products ("Software") at the Originating Locatio

For the avoidance of doubt, it is recorded that SAP AFRICA will not be liable under this AGREEMENT for: 11. 3. 1 the MODIFICATION or improvement of the SOFTWARE by TELKOM to fit the particular requirements of TELKOM; or 11. 3. 2 the correction of any data errors resulting from MODIFICATIONS or EXTENSIONS by TELKOM or its agents; or 11. 3. 3 the correction of any data errors as a result of misuse of the SOFTWARE by TELKOM or its agents; or 11. 3. 4 preparation or conversion of data by TELKOM into the form required for use with the SOFTWARE.

This IP Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, but will not be assignable or delegable by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, as of the Distribution Date, SpinCo hereby grants to Nuance and the members of the Nuance Group a worldwide, non-exclusive, fully paid-up, perpetual and irrevocable, transferable (subject to ARTICLE VIII), sublicensable (subject to Section 4.01(g)) license under the SpinCo Patents, solely to the extent that claims of the SpinCo Patents cover products or services of the Nuance Business in the Nuance Field of Use, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof, in each case to make, have made use, sell, offer for sale, import and otherwise exploit such products and services, together with natural extensions and evolutions thereof.

Except as provided in the next sentence, the license granted herein shall be exclusive.

(ii) For purposes of this Agreement, a "Change of Control" transaction shall be deemed to have taken place if (1) any person is or becomes a beneficial owner, directly or indirectly, of securities of the Company representing more than 50% of the equity interests and voting power of the Company's then outstanding equity securities or (2) the Company enters into a stock-for-stock transaction whereby immediately after the consummation of the transaction the Company's stockholders retain less than 50% of the equity interests and voting power of the surviving entity's then outstanding equity securities.

In the event Agent changes its legal structure or undergoes a substantial change in ownership of its stock or other ownership interest, Kallo shall have the option of immediate termination of this Agreement.

You agree not to make a transfer (and not to permit any other party to make a transfer) without our prior written consent. 16.4.1.1 As used in this Agreement, the term "transfer" is agreed to mean any sale, assignment, conveyance, pledge, encumbrance, merger, creation of a security interest in, and/or giving away of any direct or indirect interest in: (a) this Agreement; (b) you; (c) any or all of your rights and/or obligations under this Agreement; and/or (d) all or substantially all of the assets of the Franchised Business.

In the event that termination is the result of Ginkgo exercising the Buy-Down Election (including payment of the Buy-Down Amount), then, as of the effective date of termination: (a) any and all existing Headstart Periods shall immediately be deemed to have accelerated to conclusion, (b) the restrictions on BLI set forth in Section 6.2.1 (Restrictions on BLI) shall terminate; (c) the licenses granted to Ginkgo from BLI in Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants) and 9.1.2 (License Grant to Exploit [***]) shall survive and become perpetual and irrevocable; (d) the licenses granted to BLI from Ginkgo pursuant to Section 9.2 (Grants to BLI) shall survive; (e) any Licensed Products arising from Collaboration Workflows or Ginkgo Workflows developed and used by Ginkgo to good effect prior to the effective date of termination shall be [***] on any sale or transfer of such Licensed Product, (f) (i) for any Licensed Products arising from Workflows other than those set forth in subclause (e) of this Section 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based on Ginkgo's Buy-Down Election), Ginkgo shall pay [***] and (ii) Ginkgo shall pay [***] for as long as one or more Beacon Optofluidic Machines are in operation at Ginkgo, (g) the pricing terms for Beacon Optofluidic Machines, Consumables, and services (including Services) shall be consistent with then-current BLI List Prices, and (h) Ginkgo shall pay BLI for any amounts due for work performed by BLI under and in accordance with this Agreement prior to the effective date of termination to the extent that BLI cannot reasonably cancel or reallocate such work.

In the event that Vyera experiences a Change of Control with a Third Party that is actively engaged in the Development, Manufacture or Commercialization of a Competitive Product, then, Vyera shall either: (a) within ninety (90) days after the closing of such Change of Control, enter into a binding written agreement to sell, transfer, assign or divest all of Vyera's and/or its Affiliate's rights in and to such Competitive Product to a non-Affiliate Third Party and consummate such sale, transfer, assignment or divestiture of said rights not later than ninety (90) days following the date of the binding Agreement; or (b) within six (6) months after the closing of such Change of Control, terminate any and all Development, Manufacturing, Commercialization and/or other exploitation of such Competitive Product; or (c) terminate this Agreement in accordance with Section 11.2(c).

Any and all web pages used by Contractor in connection with the Offering (the "Web Pages"), and all associated Proprietary Rights, shall be owned exclusively by the Company.

Subject to the preceding sentence, no Party shall be liable to any other Party in contract, tort or otherwise including any liability for negligence for any indirect or consequential loss or damage including, without limitation, corruption or loss of data, loss of profit, loss of anticipated savings all in connection with this Agreement, caused by its own acts or those of any of its auxiliaries, such as employees, servants or agents.

TAG's indemnification obligations under this Section 5.3 will expire twelve (12) months after the Conversion Date.

Any purported assignment or transfer except in accordance with the above shall be void and of no effect.

Unless either party gives written notice to terminate this Agreement at least six (6) months prior to the end of said Initial Term, this Agreement shall continue on a year to year basis ("Extended Term(s)") until terminated by either party by giving written notice of termination thereof to the other party at least six (6) months prior to the end of the then current Extended Term.

During the Term of this Agreement and within the Contract Territory, North agrees not to enter into an agreement with another company or entity for the purpose of endorsing or promoting products similar to the Endorsed Products.

LICENSEE is also granted a limited non-transferable non-exclusive license to Licensed Source Code to perform software maintenance functions according the terms set forth in Article 7 of this Agreement.

In no way should the Agent be liable for incidental or consequential damages.

Notwithstanding the provisions of Section 5(a) and (b), none of the members of the MS Provider Group and the MSCI Provider Group shall be liable for any special, indirect, incidental, consequential or punitive damages of any kind whatsoever in any way due to, resulting from or arising in connection with the performance of or failure to perform MS's or MSCI's obligations under this Agreement.

King hereby grants to Depomed a non-assignable, non-sublicensable (except to any Third Party acting as the Depomed Sales Force), non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the King Trademarks in the Territory solely in connection with Depomed's Promotion of the Product.

In no event shall either Party be liable for indirect or consequential loss or damage, including but not limited to, loss of profit, loss of sales or turnover, loss of or damage to reputation, loss of contract, loss of business, loss of anticipated savings and interest, increased operation costs, increase maintenance costs even if such loss or damage was reasonably foreseeable or if a Party had been advised by the other Party of the possibility of incurring such loss or damage.

EXCEPT FOR PIVX'S OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 4.2, IN NO EVENT SHALL PIVX'S OR ITS LICENSORS' LIABILITY TO DETTO OR ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT ACTUALLY RECEIVED BY PIVX HEREUNDER DURING THE PREVIOUS SIX (6) MONTHS.

Distributor shall be the only distributor appointed by NETGEAR in the Territory, subject to Distributor conducting mutually agreed to marketing activities as described in the Marketing Plan to be developed and agreed to by and between the parties and which shall be attached to and made a part of this Agreement as Exhibit 4.

You agree to conduct a Grand Opening Advertising Program for the Franchised Business throughout the first four weeks after the Opening Date, spending an amount not less than $12,000.

In no event may either party sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or license Payment-Eligible User Data to the other party's Named Competitors as listed in EXHIBIT E. Furthermore, Excite@Home may not sell, disclose, transfer, rent, or license Shopping Category Data or Superset Data to Data Restricted Named Companies as specified in EXHIBIT I. Not more than once per quarter, Application Provider may update the list of Application Provider Data Restricted Named Companies shown in EXHIBIT I, so long as such list shall not exceed twenty-five (25) companies.

In the event more that there is a change in ownership representing fifty percent (50%) or more of the equity ownership of either party, the other party may, at its option, terminate this Agreement upon written notice.

This Agreement may be terminated by Honeywell at any time, in its sole discretion, prior to the Distribution; provided, however, that this Agreement shall automatically terminate upon the termination of the Separation Agreement in accordance with its terms.

This Agreement shall not be assignable by either party to any third party without the written consent of the other party hereto; except that either party may assign this Agreement without the other party's consent to an entity that acquires substantially all of the business or assets of the assigning party within the Field, in each case whether by merger, transfer of assets, or otherwise.

In the event of any material change in the organization, ownership, management or control of the business of the Agent, the Company may, at its option, terminate this Agreement upon giving written notice of termination to the Agent.

In the event that ExxonMobil fails to notify FCE before the end of the Term of the Agreement of ExxonMobil's intent to negotiate a subsequent or follow-on commercial agreement, ExxonMobil agrees to negotiate a grant to FCE, under commercially reasonable terms to be determined in good faith, a worldwide, royalty-free, non-exclusive, non-sub-licensable (except as set forth herein) right and license to practice ExxonMobil Background Information and ExxonMobil Background Patents for Generation 1 Technology in Carbon Capture Applications.

EFS will commit to an annual Catalog budget equal to or greater than *****, which represents ***** of the actual amount spent by Client on the Catalogs for 2007.

No party to this Agreement may assign its rights or delegate its obligations under this Agreement, whether by operation of law or otherwise, and any assignment in contravention hereof shall be null and void.

Party A irrevocably undertakes that Party A will take Party B as its exclusive and sole partner to provide the business consultancy and technical services as well as technical consultancy to Party A and its subsidiaries

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and in consideration for the payments to BLI under this Agreement, during the Term, BLI, on behalf of itself and its Affiliates, hereby grants and shall grant to Ginkgo a non-exclusive, sublicensable (solely in accordance with Section 9.1.4 (Consent to Sublicense)), non-transferable, non-royalty-bearing (subject to Section 13.3.2 (Effects of Termination Based Upon Ginkgo Buy-Down Election)) worldwide license in, to and under (i) BLI Background IP, and (ii) other Intellectual Property that is Controlled by BLI and that is [***] BLI Inventions, with both of (i) and (ii) being limited to what is necessary for Ginkgo to [***] and (iii) the Collaboration Intellectual Property solely to: (a) perform research [***] on biological entities, including organisms, cells and strains (and sub-components thereof); (b) (i) design and develop (A) Collaboration Workflows as generally contemplated under a Workflow Development Plan and (B) Ginkgo Workflows as permitted under this Agreement and (ii) use [***] Workflows to conduct the activities set forth in clause (a) and clause (c) of this Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants); (c) perform commercial research [***] and other Commercial Services for Third Parties; and (d) in each case of clauses (a) through (c) of this Section 9.1.1 (Scope of Grants), the license granted is for activities solely within the Licensed Field.

During the Term hereof and for a period of six (6) months following the termination of this Agreement or the discontinuation of any of the Company Products, (i) the Reseller shall have the exclusive right to commission for any Registered Referrals, (ii) the Company shall not market, promote, sell, or distribute Company Products or solicit or procure orders for the Company Products, or for any product(s) or service(s) similar to the Company Products, in the Territory other than through the Reseller and pursuant to this Agreement, except with the prior written consent of the Reseller, and (iii) without limitation to the foregoing, the Company shall not, directly or through other parties (whether agents, representatives, intermediaries, resellers or other parties), market, promote, sell, distribute, solicit or procure orders to any existing or prospective customer of the Reseller.

Any transfer in violation hereof shall be deemed as a breach by Party B, for which Party B shall take relevant breaching liability and Party A may terminate this Agreement, suspend fee settlement and require Party B to undertake any direct or indirect loss thus caused.

(ii) upon sixty (60) days' written notice by the Licensor to the Licensee or (b) by the Licensee

To the extent the parties engage in any co-branding activities, then, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and during the Term, each party (in such capacity, "Licensor") hereby grants to the other party (in such capacity, "Licensee") a non-exclusive, non- transferable, worldwide right and license (without the right to sublicense), under Licensor's Intellectual Property Rights in Licensor's Marks, to use those Marks of Licensor set forth in Exhibit D solely in connection with the marketing, sale and distribution of such co-branded Products in accordance with this Agreement.

The Company hereby grants to CNET a non-exclusive, royalty-free license, effective throughout the Term, to use, display and publish any of the Company trademarks, tradenames, service marks and logos that may be delivered by the Company to CNET expressly for inclusion in the Promotions, solely for use in connection with the Promotions.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall be earlier terminated (x) by mutual agreement of the parties, or (y) at any time upon sixty (60) days advance written notice to the other party.

TrueLink hereby grants to Client a non-exclusive license to use the Interface in the ordinary course of its business of the origination, underwriting, processing and funding of consumer finance receivables in accordance with this Agreement.

Except as otherwise provided herein, this Contract may not be assigned in whole or in part by any Party without the prior written consent of the other Party and the approval of the Examination and Approval Authority.

In the event of a Change of Control (as defined below) this Agreement shall immediately terminate.

(e) Without cause on no less than seven (7) days prior written notice.

Company hereby grants to ACSI, during the Term, a non-exclusive, non-transferable (except in accordance with Section 11.7 [Assignment]) license, which ACSI may sublicense only to its Affiliates, to use the Company Intellectual Property supplied by Company to ACSI as is reasonably necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement; provided, however, that ACSI shall not use Company's Trademarks, including in any advertising, without Company's prior written consent, unless such use conforms to a written Trademark use policy previously furnished by Company to ACSI and not subsequently modified or revoked.

In the event HOC exercises the Option, the Company agrees to use not less than five million U.S. Dollars (US$5,000,000) of the proceeds from the subscription of the Purchased Shares and the Additional Shares to fund exploration activities (including but not limited to drilling, assaying and staking new claims) on the El Aguila project.

EXCLUDING LIABILITY FOR INFRINGEMENT CLAIMS AS DISCUSSED IN SECTION 9 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL eGAIN BE LIABLE TO CUSTOMER FOR CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY, INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOST PROFITS), OR BE LIABLE TO ANY THIRD PARTY FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER, EVEN IF eGAIN HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. eGain's entire liability under this Agreement for any damages from any cause whatsoever, regardless of form or action, whether in contract, negligence or otherwise, shall in no event exceed an amount equal to the price paid for the Services out of which the claim arose.

The MidLink software is licensed to Power2Ship for the exclusive use with WLI's products.

EXCEPT FOR BREACHES OR VIOLATIONS OF ARTICLE 9, OR INDEMNITY LIABILITIES ARISING UNDER THIS ARTICLE 8, OR CASES OF GROSS NEGLIGENCE OR WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR ANY CONSEQUENTIAL, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES INCLUDING LOSS OF USE, REVENUES OR PROFITS, INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR CLAIMS AGAINST EITHER PARTY OR ITS CUSTOMERS BY ANY THIRD PARTY, WHETHER SUCH CLAIM IS BASED IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF THE PARTY IS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

Channel Partner will have at a minimum one (1) web page describing the iPass Services.

Company may not permit any third party to use the Association Marks without the express prior written approval of the Association, which may be withheld for any reason.

The license under this Agreement is a non-exclusive, non-assignable and non-transferable license.

c) grant to HCI, a non-exclusive and non-transferable right to use MediaLinx images and certain content contained in the HealthyWay web site (the "Sympatico Content") for the sole purpose of satisfying the requirements of this Agreement. MediaLinx shall retain all right, title to and interest in the Sympatico Content;

Any developments and improvements by you relating to the Marks or the System shall be our sole property.

Recipient hereby assigns and agrees to assign all Recipient's rights in any Intellectual Property to the Company. Recipient hereby grants to the Company power of attorney for the purpose of assigning all Recipient's rights in Intellectual Property to the Company for the purposes of filings, registrations and other formalities deemed necessary by the Company to prosecute, protect, perfect or exploit its ownership and interests in Intellectual Property. Recipient further agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver any documentation, instruments, specifications or disclosures necessary to assign, prosecute, protect, perfect or exploit the Company ownership of Intellectual Property.

Chase grants Affiliate a non-exclusive, nontransferable, revocable right to (a) access the Chase site through the links solely in accordance with the terms of this Agreement and (b) solely in connection with such links, to use Chase's logos, trade names, trademarks, and similar identifying material relating to Chase (collectively, the "Licensed Materials"), for the sole purpose of booking Chase products.

Except as otherwise set forth herein, neither Party shall transfer, assign or cede any rights or delegate any obligations hereunder, in whole or in part, whether voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the other Party,

Airspan grants Distributor, and Distributor hereby accepts, a nonexclusive, non-transferable license to use, and to sublicense as set forth below, Software provided by Airspan hereunder only on a single System or unit of Equipment, as may be applicable.

Theismann shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time upon thirty (30) days' written notice to Bizzingo, such termination to become effective at the conclusion of such 30-day period.

EXCEPT FOR LIABILITY ARISING UNDER SECTION 8 OF THIS AGREEMENT, IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY HAVE ANY LIABILITY TO THE OTHER PARTY FOR ANY LOST PROFITS OR COSTS OF PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES HOWEVER CAUSED AND UNDER ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY AND WHETHER OR NOT SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

Subject to Commerce One's pre-existing ownership of any materials or technology provided to Corio, the results of all such development efforts set forth in this Section 13, including all intellectual property rights in any software interface coding or programs created solely by Corio during the term of this Agreement to enable the Software to operated within the Corio Servers' hosted environment ("DEVELOPMENTS"), shall be owned by Corio, unless such Developments are supported on an ongoing basis by Commerce One in which case Commerce One will retain all ownership rights, including intellectual property rights in the Developments.

In any event, the total liquidated damages as per this Section shall not exceed 5% of the Product Price.

The rights and obligations of each Party under this Agreement shall not be transferred, except for the transfer by Party B to its affiliates.

Assignment Without the express prior written consent of Diversinet (not to be unreasonably refused), Reseller may not assign this Agreement or its interest herein in whole or in part but Reseller shall continue to be responsible should the assignee fail to perform. Diversinet may assign this Agreement at any time and in such event, this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect as if the assignee were named as the licensor in the first instance but Diversinet shall continue to be responsible should the assignee fail to perform.

NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY, UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, FOR ANY INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES OF ANY KIND, SUFFERED BY OR OTHERWISE COMPENSABLE TO SUCH OTHER PARTY, ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER OR NOT ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH.

. Distributor shall not grant this privilege to any third party or to any affiliates without Company's prior written consent.

Both parties shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time, for any or for no reason, upon one hundred twenty (120) days written notice to the other party.

During the term hereof, any division, merger, dissolution, liquidation, bankruptcy or other events that lead to changes of Party B in the company nature, qualification and capacity for civil acts shall be notified to Party A in time, and subject to the provisions hereunder about the exit grace period.

Except as set forth below, MusclePharm shall not assign or otherwise transfer, license, sublicense, or delegate any rights or obligations under this Agreement without the express prior written consent of the AS Parties.

A minimum of: 12-D Java Game in connection with the initial theatrical release 1 3-D Java Game in connection with the DVD release 5 Java Applications ('Screensavers') (2 3-D Screensavers and 3 2-D Screensavers) in connection with the initial theatrical release 5 MMS 10 Wallpapers 5 Voicetones

If this Agreement is renewed for the Second Additional Term, then the Second Additional Term shall commence on July 23, 2019 and the Agreement shall expire and terminate automatically without further notice on July 22, 2022.

This will be Accuray's sole and exclusive obligation and such Customer's sole and exclusive remedy in relation to defective Products and parts.

IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE RESPONSIBLE FOR LOST PROFITS OR SPECIAL INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES WHICH ABW OR PCQ INCUR OR EXPERIENCE ON ACCOUNT OF ENTERING INTO OR RELYING ON THIS AGREEMENT, EVEN IF PCQ OR ABW HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN SECTION 23.2, THE TOTAL CUMULATIVE LIABILITY OF EITHER PARTY FOR ANY AND ALL CLAIMS AND DAMAGES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER ARISING BY STATUTE, CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, WILL NOT EXCEED THE FEES PAID BY ALLSCRIPTS TO COMPANY HEREUNDER DURING THE [***] PRECEDING THE EVENT GIVING RISE TO THE CLAIM.

During the Term, neither Nantz Communications nor Nantz shall enter into any activity, employment, independent contract, or other business arrangement which conflicts with Nantz Communications' or Nantz's obligations under this Agreement or perform any service which reasonably appears to be an endorsement of the sportswear apparel, hats and shoes of a third party without the Company's prior written approval.

Subject only to the Exclusivity Exceptions, NCM shall be Network Affiliate's exclusive representative with respect to the procurement of Inventory (including without limitation all on-screen advertising) for the Advertising Services.

AGI hereby grants a non-exclusive license (the "License") to the Company and its operating subsidiaries now or hereafter existing to use the Good Sam name and logo, including trademarks, trade names, or service marks as designated by AGI (the "Trademarks"), in connection with the sale of such new and used vehicles by the Company that have satisfied such criteria and standards as are established from time to time by AGI (the "Approved Use").

By this Agreement, Cisco makes, and Distributor accepts, the appointment of Distributor as an authorized, non-exclusive distributor of Products and Services to Resellers located in the Territory.

Except as may be provided in any Schedule, Metavante may, at any time, withdraw any of the Services upon providing ninety (90) days' prior written notice to Customer, provided that Metavante is withdrawing the Service(s) from its entire client base.

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, an exclusive, non-transferable (except as set forth in Section 10.7) and non-sublicensable (except as provided in Section 2.1(c)) license to use the Licensed Domain Names in connection with the Business during the Term

or improvement related to the Products are fully vested in Erchonia.

XACCT'S SOLE LIABILITY AND LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY FOR DAMAGES WITH RESPECT TO THE SUPPORT SERVICES UNDER ANY CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHER THEORY, SHALL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY LICENSEE FOR THE SUPPORT SERVICES FOR THE PRIOR 12 MONTHS.

If the Option is exercised before the expiration of the Option Period, the license grants set forth in Articles 3.00 and 3.01 will become exclusive to Investor for a perpetual term, shall not be subject to a licensing fee, the granted licenses in favor of the Investor shall be deemed fully paid-up, and the rights granted to Investor under Articles 3.00 and 3.01 shall include the right to grant sublicenses to Third Parties.

OntoChem will own, and Anixa hereby assigns to OntoChem, all right, title and interest in and to all Inventions directed to (a) any methods of generating or screening compound libraries and (b) the Rejected Hit Compounds (including the composition, use or manufacture thereof), in the case of this clause (b), effective as of the Selection Deadline (collectively (clauses (a) and (b)), "OntoChem Inventions").

EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO THE INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 14, THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 16, AND THE YEAR 2000 COMPLIANCE OBLIGATIONS UNDER SECTION 20, NOTWITHSTANDING ANYTHING TO THE CONTRARY CONTAINED IN THIS AGREEMENT, UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY WITH RESPECT TO THE SUBJECT MATTER OF THIS AGREEMENT UNDER ANY CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, 10 STRICT LIABILITY, TORT OR OTHER LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY FOR ANY INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, SPECIAL OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, LOSS OF REVENUE OR GOODWILL OR ANTICIPATED PROFITS OR LOST BUSINESS), EVEN IF SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

In no event will the Company be liable for incidental or consequential damages.

The Company may renew this Agreement on the same terms and conditions for one (1) additional five year period that shall begin on January 1, 2005 and end on December 31, 2009, by providing a written notice of its intent to effect such renewal to the Professional by November 30, 2004.

Customer acknowledges and agrees that, as between the Parties, all Improvements and Developments made by or on behalf of Manufacturer in the conduct of activities under this Agreement or a Facility Addendum other than Customer-Owned Improvements and Developments (such Improvements and Developments, collectively, "Manufacturer-Owned Improvements and Developments") shall be the exclusive property of Manufacturer, and Manufacturer shall own all rights, title and interest in and to such Manufacturer- Owned Improvements and Developments.

FMI hereby grants to Roche a non-exclusive, royalty-free, worldwide, perpetual, and sublicensable license to any intellectual property arising from the Immunotherapy Testing Platform Program Controlled by FMI for internal research purposes and to the extent necessary for Roche to research, develop, make, have made, use, offer for sale, sell, import and commercialize Roche products other than diagnostic products.

This Agreement may not be assigned by the Professional under any circumstances.

Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, Metavante's maximum liability with respect to any Professional Services performed shall be limited to the value of the Professional Services engagement giving rise to the claim for Damages.

Within the scope of the [...***...] License Agreement, Miltenyi has got the right to grant non-exclusive sublicenses to third parties utilizing cytokines for applications that are covered by the claims of [...***...] to develop, manufacture, market and commercialize medicinal products on terms and conditions consistent with the terms and conditions contained in the [...***...] License Agreement.

Licensor agrees not to grant the right to use the Duval Identification to anyone other than Company in connection with the advertisement and promotion of Products.

Bachem will not assign this Agreement without the prior written consent of Magenta, and any purported assignment in contravention of this Section 15.2 shall be null and void; provided, however, that either Party may assign this Agreement in connection with (i) the sale, transfer or other disposition of its assets related to this Agreement, (ii) a change in control of such Party, or (iii) the sale or transfer of substantially all of such Party's outstanding stock.
