Section 9.6.No Waiver; Cumulative Remedies. No failure or delay by a party to exercise any right hereunder, in whole or in part, shall operate as a waiver thereof. The parties’ rights and remedies herein are cumulative and not exclusive of any other rights and remedies provided by applicable Law.

Section 9.7.Costs and Expenses. Each party shall bear its own costs and expenses (including the fees and disbursements of counsel) incurred in connection with the negotiations and preparation of this Agreement.

Section 9.8.Section Headings. The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience only and shall not affect its interpretation. This Agreement shall be construed as if it were drafted jointly by the parties. 5

Section 9.9.Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts. PDF or facsimile signatures shall serve as originals to bind the parties to the Agreement.

Section 9.10.Severability. Any provision of this Agreement that is held to be invalid or unenforceable shall not invalidate or render unenforceable any other provision hereof. [REMAINDER OF PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK] 6

a Delaware corporation By: Name: Title: [Signature Page to Trademark License Agreement] Source: MORGAN STANLEY DIRECT LENDING FUND, 10-12G/A, 11/19/2019

This TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and effective as of [·], 2019 (the “Effective Date”), by and among New Mountain Capital, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the “Licensor”), and NMF Senior Loan Fund I, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “Licensee”). The Licensor and the Licensee are sometimes referred to herein separately as a “party” and collectively as the “parties.”

WHEREAS, the Licensee is a closed-end management investment company that intends to elect to be treated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; WHEREAS, the Licensor, together with its affiliates, provides investment management, investment consultation and investment advisory services; WHEREAS, the Licensor, of which New Mountain Finance Advisers, BDC, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the “Investment Advisor”) is an affiliate, is the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the mark “NMF” (the “Licensed Mark”) in the United States of America, Canada and the European Union (the “Territory”) in connection with “financial services, namely, investment advisory and investment management services for pooled investment vehicles, private investment funds, and investment accounts; investment management services for others; private equity services, namely, providing expansion and growth capital in the form of private equity investments; financial services, namely, private equity and public equity capital investment; private and public equity investment management services; providing private equity fund investments; investment services, namely, asset acquisition, consultation, development, research and management services; capital investment services; equity capital investment; financial services, namely, debt and equity investment services in private companies, namely, investment to support business expansions, acquisitions, management buyouts and recapitalizations” (the “Licensed Services”), and Licensor has been and is currently using, either on its own or through its related companies or licensees (such as, but not limited to, the Investment Advisor) the Licensed Mark; WHEREAS, the Licensee is entering into an investment advisory and management agreement with the Investment Advisor (the “Investment Management Agreement”), wherein the Licensee will engage the Investment Advisor to act as the investment advisor to the Licensee; WHEREAS, it is intended that the Investment Advisor be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Licensee desires to use the Licensed Mark as part of its company name and in connection with the operation of its business, and the Licensor is willing to grant the Licensee a license to use the Licensed Mark, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing and the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby agree as follows:

1.1. License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the Licensor hereby grants to the Licensee, and the Licensee hereby accepts from the Licensor, a personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the Licensed Mark in the Territory solely and exclusively as a component of the Licensee’s own company name and in connection with the Licensed Services and any business provided in conjunction therewith by such Licensee. During the term of this Agreement, the Licensee shall use the Licensed Mark only to the extent permitted under this Agreement, and except as provided above, neither the Licensee nor any of its affiliates, owners, directors, officers, employees or agents shall otherwise use the Licensed Mark or any derivatives without the prior express written consent of the Licensor in its sole and absolute discretion. All rights not expressly granted to the Licensee hereunder shall remain the exclusive property of the Licensor. Upon written notification by the Licensor

1.2. Licensor’s Use. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude the Licensor, its affiliates, or any of its successors or assigns from using or permitting other entities to use the Licensed Mark, whether or not such entity directly or indirectly competes or conflicts with the Licensee’s businesses in any manner.

1.3. Ownership. The Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Licensor is the owner of all right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed Mark, and all such right, title, and interest shall remain with the Licensor. The Licensee shall not otherwise contest, dispute, or challenge the Licensor’s right, title, and interest in and to the Licensed Mark. The Licensee hereby assigns and agrees to assign any rights it may have as a result of its licensed use, including common law rights, in the Licensed Mark, to Licensor.

1.4. Goodwill. All goodwill and reputation generated by the Licensee’s use of the Licensed Mark shall inure to the benefit of Licensor. The Licensee shall not by any act or omission use the Licensed Mark in any manner that disparages or reflects adversely on Licensor or its business or reputation.

2.1. Quality Control. In order to preserve the inherent value of the Licensed Mark, the Licensee agrees to use reasonable efforts to ensure that it maintains the quality of its business and the operation thereof equal to the standards prevailing in the operation of the Licensor’s and the Licensee’s businesses as of the date of this Agreement. The Licensee further agrees to use the Licensed Mark in accordance with such quality standards as may be reasonably established by the Licensor and communicated to the Licensee from time to time in writing, or as may be agreed to by the Licensor and the Licensee from time to time in writing. The Licensee agrees to allow the Licensor to conduct reasonable inspection of the quality of the Licensee’s services from time to time.

2.2. Compliance With Laws. The Licensee agrees that the business operated by it in connection with the Licensed Mark shall comply with all laws, rules, regulations and requirements of any governmental body in the Territory or elsewhere as may be applicable to the operation, advertising, and promotion of the business and that it shall notify the Licensor of any action that must be taken by the Licensee to comply with such law, rules, regulations or requirements.

2.3. Notification of Infringement. Each party shall immediately notify the other party and provide to the other party all relevant background facts upon becoming aware of (a) any registrations of, or applications for registration of, marks in the Territory that do or may conflict with the Licensor’s rights in the Licensed Mark or the rights granted to the Licensee under this Agreement, (b) any infringements or misuses of the Licensed Mark in the Territory by any third party (“Third Party Infringement”) or (c) any claim that Licensee’s use of the Licensed Mark infringes the intellectual property rights of any third party in the Territory (“Third Party Claim”). The Licensor shall have the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to prosecute, defend and/or settle in its sole discretion, all actions, proceedings and claims involving any Third Party Infringement or Third Party Claim, and to take any other action that it deems necessary or proper for the protection and preservation of its rights in the Licensed Mark. The Licensee shall cooperate with the Licensor in the prosecution, defense or settlement of such actions, proceedings or claims.

3.1. Disclaimer of Representation and Warranties. The Licensee hereby accepts this license on an “as is” basis. The Licensee acknowledges that the Licensor makes no explicit or implicit representation or warranty as to the registrability, validity, enforceability or ownership of the Licensed Mark, or as to the Licensee’s ability to use the Licensed Mark without infringing or otherwise violating the rights of others, and the Licensor has no obligation 2

3.2. Mutual Representations. Each party hereby represents and warrants to the other party as follows:

(a) Due Authorization. Such party is a corporation or limited liability company duly incorporated or organized and in good standing as of the Effective Date, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such party.

(b) Due Execution. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such party and, upon due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the other party, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms.

(c) No Conflict. Such party’s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement do not: (i) violate, conflict with or result in the breach of any provision of the charter or by-laws (or similar organizational documents) of such party; (ii) conflict with or violate any governmental order applicable to such party or any of its assets, properties or businesses; or (iii) conflict with, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default) under, require any consent under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, suspension, revocation or cancellation of any contract, agreement, lease, sublease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or arrangement to which it is a party.

4.1. Term. The license granted to the Licensee under this Agreement shall continue perpetually. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee. This Agreement shall be terminable (a) by the Licensor (i) at any time and in its sole discretion in the event that the Licensor or the Licensee receives notice of any Third Party Claim arising out of the Licensee’s use of the Licensed Mark or (ii) upon sixty (60) days’ written notice by the Licensor to the Licensee or (b) by the Licensee (i) at any time in the event such Licensee assigns or attempts to assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of the Licensee’s rights or duties hereunder without the prior written consent of the Licensor or (ii) upon sixty (60) days’ written notice by the Licensee to the Licensor.

4.2. Effect of Termination. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights granted to the Licensee under this Agreement with respect to the Licensed Mark shall cease, and the Licensee shall immediately delete the term “NMF” from its corporate name and shall discontinue all other use of the Licensed Mark. For twenty-four (24) months following termination of this Agreement, the Licensee shall specify on all public- facing materials in a prominent place and in prominent typeface that the Licensee is no longer operating under the Licensed Mark, is no longer associated with the Licensor, or such other notice as may be deemed necessary by the Licensor in its sole discretion in its prosecution, defense, and/or settlement of any Third Party Claim.

5.1. Third Party Beneficiaries. The parties agree that the Investment Advisor shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement, and shall have the rights and protections provided to the Licensee under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement, either express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any third party other than the Investment Advisor any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

5.2. Assignment. The Licensee shall not sublicense, assign, pledge or grant as security or otherwise encumber or transfer to any third party all or any part of its rights or duties under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent from the Licensor, which consent the Licensor may grant or withhold in its 3

5.3. Independent Contractor. Except as expressly provided or authorized in the Investment Management Agreement or any other agreement between the parties, no party shall have, or shall represent that it has, any power, right or authority to bind the other party to any obligation or liability, or to assume or create any obligation or liability on behalf of the other party.

5.4. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by overnight courier service (with signature required), by facsimile or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties at the following addresses (or such other address as the parties may provide to each other by written Notice): If to the Licensor: New Mountain Capital, L.L.C. 787 7th Avenue, 49th Floor New York, New York 10019 Tel. No.: 212.

720.0300 Attn: Chief Executive Officer If to the Licensee: NMF Senior Loan Fund I, Inc. 787 7th Avenue, 48th Floor New York, New York 10019 Tel. No.: 212.

5.5. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of law rules. The parties unconditionally and irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the State of New York and waive any objection with respect thereto, for the purpose of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

5.6. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by a written instrument signed by each party hereto.

5.7. No Waiver. The failure of any party to enforce at any time for any period the provisions of or any rights deriving from this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provisions or rights or the right of such party thereafter to enforce such provisions, and no waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by all parties hereto.

5.8. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

5.9. Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. 4

5.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original instrument and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement.

5.11. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements, understandings and arrangements with respect to such subject matter. 5

ADVISERS BDC, L.L.C. By: Name: Title: 6 Source: NMF SLF I, INC., 10-12G/A, 1/15/2020

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Agreement with THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

This Content License Agreement is between THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, located at 2809 Unicornio, Carlsbad, CA, 92009 and PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT’ located at 12868 Via Latina, Del Mar, CA 92014 Licensor: PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Licensee THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION THIS CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”.) is made as of this 3rd day of November, 2005 In consideration of the mutual, promises contained herein, the parties agree as follows:

Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT hereby grants to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, under PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT’S full ownership and or fully authorized licensing Rights of Content

(a) A 10 year exclusive, worldwide license to use, modify, reproduce, distribute, display and transmit any and all PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT nostalgic television show library Content. The Pacificap Entertainment Content shall be used to create a number of television shows, DVD Magazines, Internet Streaming Video Television Shows, Television Shorts, Radio Shows, Radio Shorts, Cell Phone Video Clips. Caller ID Video Clips, Promotional Commercials, Websites, Streaming Video Commercials, Streaming Video Highlight Shows, 24 Hour Nostalgia Sports Network, DVD Program Package, Television Show Series, stock footage library, and print promotional posters

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT AGREES that all television shows, DVD Magazines, Internet Streaming Video Television Shows, Television Shorts, Radio Shows, Radio Shorts, Cell Phone Video Clips, Caller ID Video Clips, Promotional Commercials, Websites, Streaming Video Commercials, Streaming Video Highlight Shows, 24 Hour Nostalgia Sports Network, DVD Program Package, Television Show Series, stock footage library, and print promotional posters, created and or produced with any content provided by PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT are wholly owned by THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION.

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT agrees to also allow THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION the right to redistribute, reproduce, retransmit, disseminate, sell, publish, broadcast or circulate the information contained in such PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content. THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION agrees to use its best efforts to restrict the uses of PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content by visitors to its Web Pages to personal use of such Content and not for further commercial redistribution.

NOTICES: PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT will not alter or impair any acknowledgment of copyright or other Intellectual Property Rights of THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, that may appear in the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT website and the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Brand Features, including all copyright, trademark and similar notices that THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION may reasonably request.

Page 2of 6 All notices, requests, demands, reports or other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and may be sent by mail, facsimile, or authorized electronic address to the offices specified below. Notices hereunder shall be directed to: For PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT: Attention Ed Litwak, Pacificap, Entertainment Inc., 12868 Via Latina, Del Mar, CA 92014 Email Address COSM@sbcglobal.net. For THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, notices shall be sent to the attention of Michael Henry, Executive Producer, 2809 Unicornio, Carlsbad, CA 92009 Email Address 3impact@adelphia.net.

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT’S RESPONSIBILITIES. PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT will be responsible for the delivery of all requested content less shipping and handling. Content will be delivered in the digital media form of DVCAM or other requested digital format. PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT will provide on-going assistance to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, with regard to technical, administrative and service-oriented issues relating to the utilization, transmission and maintenance of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content, as THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION may reasonably request. PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT will use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content is available at the request of THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION.

SHARED REVENUE: In lieu of PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT granting a 10 year Exclusive Content License to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, THE HENRY FILM ANDENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION agrees to share 10% of the net revenue from any and all advertising sales, Syndication Fees and Licensing fees generated from all television shows, DVD Magazines, Internet Streaming Video Television Shows, Television Shorts, Radio Shows, Radio Shorts, Cell Phone Video Clips, Caller ID Video Clips, Promotional Commercials, Websites, Streaming Video Commercials, Streaming Video Highlight Shows, 24 Hour Nostalgia Sports Network, DVD Program Package, Television Show Series, stock footage library, and print promotional posters, created and or produced with any content provided by PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT.

Revenue is described as all revenue generated from all content including broadcast and disk media, print and online properties. Net Revenue is the portion of revenue left after all costs associated with production, advertising, promotion and commissions which constitute the costs of sale.

Within 30 days of the end of each quarter during the term of this agreement, PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT shall receive from THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, a detailed accounting statement showing Net Due and Paid Shared Revenues for that quarter and shall remit to PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT its share of such revenues.

PERFORMANCE: In lieu of PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT granting a 10 year Exclusive Content License to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION agrees to share a minimum of $50,000.00 annually for each year of this Agreement. In the event of THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, not fulfilling this minimum PERFORMANCE, PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT may cancel this Agreement Initialed THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION:______ Initialed PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT:______ Page 2 of 6 Source: PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS INC, 8-K/A, 11/15/2005 PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Agreement with THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT, at its own expense, will indemnify, defend and hold harmless Michael Henry, THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, its Affiliates and their employees, representatives, agents and agent affiliates, against any claim, suit, action, or other proceeding brought against THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION, or an Affiliate based on or arising from any claim that PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content as delivered to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION or any PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Brand Feature infringes in any manner any third party Ownership Rights or Ownership Issues, Intellectual Property Right of any third party or contains any material or information that is defamatory, libelous, slanderous, that violates any person’s right of publicity, privacy or personality, or has otherwise resulted in any injury, damage or harm to any person; provided, however, that in any such case: (x) THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION provides PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT with prompt notice of any such claim; (y) PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT permits THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION. . to assume and control the defense of such action, with counsel chosen by PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT (who shall be reasonably acceptable to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION. .); and (z) THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION does not enter into any settlement or compromise of any such claim without PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT’S prior written consent. PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT will pay any and all costs, damages, and expenses, including, but not limited to, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs awarded against or otherwise incurred by Michael Henry, Melba Henry, THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION or any employees, representatives, agents and agent affiliates in connection with or arising from any such claim, suit, action or proceeding.

INITIAL TERM AND RENEWALS: This Agreement will become effective as of the last date of signature (Effective Date) and shall, unless sooner terminated as provided below or as otherwise agreed, remain effective for an initial term of 10 Years following the first date of public availability of the PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content within a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property (the “Initial Term”). After the Initial Term, this Agreement will be automatically renewed for successive additional 3~year periods (“Extension Terms”), unless otherwise terminated by either party by giving notice to the other party not less than sixty (60) days prior to the end of a Term. As used herein, the “Term” means the Initial Term and any Extension Term(s).

TERMINATION FOR CAUSE: Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Agreement may be terminated by either party immediately upon notice if the other party: (w) becomes insolvent; (x) files a petition in bankruptcy; (y) makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors; or (z) breach any of its obligations under this Agreement in any material respect, which breach is not remedied within thirty (30) days following written notice to such party.

EFFECT OF TERMINATION: Any termination shall be without any liability or obligation of the terminating party, other than with respect to any breach of this Agreement prior to termination. The provisions relating to property rights and confidentiality shall survive any termination or expiration of this Agreement. All revenue sharing ceases with the termination of this Agreement.

Page 4 of 6 PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT and THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION hereby acknowledge that each of them may have access to confidential and proprietary information, which relates to the other party’s business (the “Confidential Information”). Such information shall be identified as confidential at the time of disclosure. Each party agrees to preserve and protect the confidentiality of the Confidential Information and not to disclose or use any applicable Confidential Information without the prior written consent of the other party; provided, however, that any party hereto may disclose to any other party or use any information which is: (i) already publicly known; (ii) discovered or created independently of any involvement with such party; (iii) otherwise learned through legitimate means other than from such party; or (iv) independently created by the receiving party without reference to the other party’s confidential information. Moreover, any party hereto may disclose any Confidential Information hereunder to such party’s agents, attorneys and other representatives or any court or competent jurisdiction or any other party empowered hereunder as reasonably required to resolve any dispute between the parties hereto. Both parties agree all aspects of this contract are confidential and shall not be disclosed to any third party.

BOTH THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION and PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT acknowledges and agrees that: (i) as between PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT on the one hand, and THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION and its Affiliates on the other, THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION owns all right, title and interest in any THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property and THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Brand Features; (ii) nothing in this Agreement shall confer in PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT any license or right of ownership in THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Brand Features; and (iii) PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT shall not now or in the future contest the validity of THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION. Brand Features.

The parties will cooperate to create any and all appropriate public announcements relating to the relationship set forth in this Agreement. Neither party shall make any public announcement regarding the existence or Content of this Agreement without the other party’s prior written approval and consent.

THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION will, when appropriate, mention PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT as “Content Provided By” in relevant credits and advertising including but not limited to print, television, radio and online; promotion and public relations. THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION will mention PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content when other third party providers of data to THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION are mentioned in relevant advertising, promotion and public relations.

FUTURE COOPERATION: THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION and PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT will keep each other apprised of productions and other developments that may enhance the relationship between THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION and PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT; including but not limited to new productions development by THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION that may be valuable to PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT. PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT and THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION agree that future cooperation may be valuable to both parties, and that the parties will discuss s h future cooperation each quarter or as warranted.

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT INC. (Licensor) Signed________________________________________________________________ Name: Ed Litwak Title: Chairman Date:_______________________ And THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT (Licensee)

Page 5 of 6 Witnessed By Signed ._______________________________________________________ William R. Sickert 7052 Partridge Place Carlsbad, CA 92009 PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Agreement with THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

TO: PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT INC. CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT INC. MARK USAGE GUIDELINES Source: PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS INC, 8-K/A, 11/15/2005

“Advertising Rights” shall mean the advertising and promotional rights sold or licensed with respect to Content included properties.

“Affiliates” shall mean any company or any other entity worldwide, including, without limitation, corporations, partnerships, joint ventures, and Limited Liability Companies, in which THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION owns at least a five percent ownership, equity, or financial interest.

“THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Brand Features” shall mean all trademarks, service marks, logos and other distinctive brand features of THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION that are used in or relate to a THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property or Content, including, without limitation, the trademarks, service marks and logos described.

“PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content” shall mean, collectively, all materials, data, and similar information collected and owned by PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT, which is a collection of television shows, clips, movies, recordings and photos.

“THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Properties” shall mean any of THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION produced, created, branded or co branded media properties.

“Content Shows/Programming” shall mean those productions in any THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION Property that contain PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Content.

“Intellectual Property Rights” shall mean all rights in and to trade secrets, patents, copyrights, trademarks, know- how, as well as moral rights and similar rights of any type under the laws of any governmental authority, domestic or foreign.

“Internet” shall mean the collection of computer networks commonly known as the Internet, and shall include, without limitation, the World Wide Web.

PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT Agreement with THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION

Page 6 of 6 Initialed THE HENRY FILM AND ENTERTAINMENT CORPORATION:____ Initialed PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT:____ Source: PACIFICAP ENTERTAINMENT HOLDINGS INC, 8-K/A, 11/15/2005

This TRADEMARK LICENSE AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is made and effective as of [ ] day of [ ], 2020 (“Effective Date”), by and between Palmer Square Capital Management LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the “Licensor”), and Palmer Square Capital BDC Inc., a corporation organized under the laws of the State of Maryland (the “Licensee”) (each a “party,” and collectively, the “parties”).

WHEREAS, Licensee is a newly organized, externally managed, closed-end, non-diversified management investment company that intends to elect to be regulated as a business development company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”); WHEREAS, Licensor, together with its affiliates, provides investment management, investment consultation and investment advisory services; WHEREAS, Licensor and its affiliates, including Palmer Square BDC Advisor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (“Investment Advisor”), have used the marks “Palmer Square”, “Palmer Square Capital” and derivations thereof (the “Licensed Mark”) in the United States of America and certain other jurisdictions (collectively, the “Territory”) in connection with the investment management, investment consultation and investment advisory services they provide; WHEREAS, the Licensee is entering into an investment advisory agreement with Investment Advisor (the “Advisory Agreement”), wherein Licensee shall engage Investment Advisor to act as the investment adviser to the Licensee; WHEREAS, it is intended that Investment Advisor be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement; and WHEREAS, the Licensee desires to use the Licensed Mark as part of its corporate name and in connection with the operation of its business, and Licensor is willing to grant Licensee a license to use the Licensed Mark, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and agreements set forth herein, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: ARTICLE 1.

1.1. License. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensor hereby grants to Licensee, and Licensee hereby accepts from Licensor, a personal, non-exclusive, royalty-free right and license to use the Licensed Mark solely and exclusively as a component of Licensee’s own corporate name and in connection with marketing the investment management, investment consultation and investment advisory services that Investment Advisor may provide to Licensee. During the term of this Agreement, Licensee shall use the Licensed Mark only to the extent permitted under this License, and except as provided above, neither Licensee nor any affiliate, owner, director, officer, employee or agent thereof shall otherwise use the Licensed Mark or any derivative thereof in the Territory without the prior express written consent of Licensor in its sole and absolute discretion and shall not use the Licensed Mark for any purpose outside the Territory. All rights not expressly granted to Licensee hereunder shall remain the exclusive property of the Licensor.

1.2. Nothing in this Agreement shall preclude Licensor or any of its successors or assigns from using or permitting other entities to use the Licensed Mark, whether or not such entity directly or indirectly competes or conflicts with Licensee’s business in any manner.

2.1. Quality Control. In order to preserve the inherent value of the Licensed Mark, Licensee agrees to use reasonable efforts to ensure that it maintains the quality of the Licensee’s business and the operation thereof equal to the standards prevailing in the operation of Licensee’s business as of the Effective Date. The Licensee further agrees to use the Licensed Mark in accordance with such quality standards as may be reasonably established by Licensor and communicated to the Licensee from time to time in writing, or as may be agreed to by Licensor and the Licensee from time to time in writing.

2.2. Compliance With Laws. Licensee agrees that the business operated by it in connection with the Licensed Mark shall comply with all laws, rules, regulations and requirements of any governmental body in the Territory or elsewhere as may be applicable to the operation, marketing, and promotion of the business and shall notify Licensor of any action that must be taken by Licensee to comply with such law, rules, regulations or requirements.

2.3. Notification of Infringement. Each party shall immediately notify the other party and provide to the other party all relevant background facts upon becoming aware of (a) any registrations of, or applications for registration of, marks in the Territory that do or may conflict with the Licensor’s rights in the Licensed Mark or the rights granted to the Licensee under this Agreement, (b) any infringements or misuse of the Licensed Mark in the Territory by any third party (“Third Party Infringement”), or (c) any claim that Licensee’s use of the Licensed Mark infringes the intellectual property rights of any third party in the Territory (“Third Party Claim”). Licensor shall have the exclusive right, but not the obligation, to prosecute, defend and/or settle in its sole discretion, all actions, proceedings and claims involving any Third Party Infringement or Third Party Claim, and to take any other action that it deems necessary or proper for the protection and preservation of its rights in the Licensed Mark. Licensee shall cooperate with Licensor in the prosecution, defense or settlement of such actions, proceedings or claims. - 2 -

3.1. Licensee accepts this license on an “as is” basis. Licensee acknowledges that Licensor makes no explicit or implicit representation or warranty as to the registrability, validity, enforceability, ownership of the Licensed Mark, or as to Licensee’s ability to use the Licensed Mark without infringing or otherwise violating the rights of others, and Licensor has no obligation to indemnify Licensee with respect to any claims arising from Licensee’s use of the Licensed Mark, including without limitation any Third Party Claim.

3.2. Mutual Representations. Each party hereby represents and warrants to the other party as follows:

(a) Due Authorization. Such party is a limited liability company duly formed or a corporation duly incorporated, as applicable, and is in good standing as of the Effective Date, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by such party have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of such party.

(b) Due Execution. This Agreement has been duly executed and delivered by such party and, upon due authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the other party, constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such party, enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms.

(c) No Conflict. Such party’s execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement do not: (i) violate, conflict with or result in the breach of any provision of the operating agreement, charter or bylaws (or similar organizational documents) of such party; (ii) conflict with or violate any governmental order applicable to such party or any of its assets, properties or businesses; or (iii) conflict with, result in any breach of, constitute a default (or event which with the giving of notice or lapse of time, or both, would become a default) under, require any consent under, or give to others any rights of termination, amendment, acceleration, suspension, revocation or cancellation of any contract, agreement, lease, sublease, license, permit, franchise or other instrument or arrangement to which it is a party. ARTICLE 4.

4.1. Term. This Agreement shall expire if the Investment Advisor or one of its affiliates ceases to serve as investment adviser to the Licensee. This Agreement shall be terminable by Licensor at any time and in its sole discretion in the event that Licensor or Licensee receives notice of any Third Party Claim arising out of Licensee’s use of the Licensed Mark; by Licensor or Licensee upon sixty (60) days’ written notice to the other party; or by Licensee at any time in the event Licensee assigns or attempts to assign or sublicense this Agreement or any of Licensee’s rights or duties hereunder without the prior written consent of Licensor. - 3 -

4.2. Upon Termination. Upon expiration or termination of this Agreement, all rights granted to Licensee under this Agreement with respect to the Licensed Mark shall cease, and Licensee shall immediately delete the term “Palmer Square” from its corporate name and shall discontinue all other use of the Licensed Mark. For twenty-four (24) months following termination of this Agreement, Licensee shall specify on all public-facing materials in a prominent place and in prominent typeface that Licensee is no longer operating under the Licensed Mark, is no longer associated with Licensor, or such other notice as may be deemed necessary by Licensor in its sole discretion in its prosecution, defense, and/or settlement of any Third Party Claim. ARTICLE 5.

5.1. Third Party Beneficiaries. The parties agree that Investment Advisor shall be a third party beneficiary of this Agreement, and shall have the rights and protections provided to Licensee under this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement, either express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any third party other than Investment Advisor any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement.

5.2. Assignment. Licensee shall not sublicense, assign, pledge, grant or otherwise encumber or transfer to any third party all or any part of its rights or duties under this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the Licensor, which consent Licensor may grant or withhold in its sole and absolute discretion. Any purported transfer without such consent shall be void ab initio.

5.3. Independent Contractor. Neither party shall have, or shall represent that it has, any power, right or authority to bind the other party to any obligation or liability, or to assume or create any obligation or liability on behalf of the other party.

5.4. Notices. All notices, requests, claims, demands and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be given or made (and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made upon receipt) by delivery in person, by overnight courier service (with signature required), by facsimile or by registered or certified mail (postage prepaid, return receipt requested) to the respective parties at the following addresses (or such other address as the parties may provide to each other by written Notice): If to Licensor: Palmer Square Capital Management LLC 1900 Shawnee Mission Parkway, Suite 315 Mission Woods, Kansas 66205 Tel. No.: (816) 994-3200 Fax No.: (913) 647-9733 Attn: Member - 4 -

5.5. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. The parties unconditionally and irrevocably consent to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in the State of New York and waive any objection with respect thereto, for the purpose of any action, suit or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby.

5.6. Amendment. This Agreement may not be amended or modified except by an instrument in writing signed by each party hereto.

5.7. No Waiver. The failure of either party to enforce at any time for any period the provisions of or any rights deriving from this Agreement shall not be construed to be a waiver of such provisions or rights or the right of such party thereafter to enforce such provisions, and no waiver shall be binding unless executed in writing by all parties hereto.

5.8. Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced by any law or public policy, all other terms and provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner materially adverse to any party. Upon such determination that any term or other provision is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the parties hereto shall negotiate in good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the parties as closely as possible in an acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby are consummated as originally contemplated to the greatest extent possible.

5.9. Headings. The descriptive headings contained in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement.

5.10. Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed shall be deemed to be an original instrument and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Facsimile or portable document format (PDF) counterpart signatures to this Agreement shall be acceptable and binding.

5.11. Entire Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersedes all prior agreements and undertakings, both written and oral, between the parties with respect to such subject matter. [Remainder of Page Intentionally Left Blank] - 5 -

By: Name: Jeffrey D. Fox Title: Chief Financial Officer [Signature Page to Trademark License Agreement] Source: PALMER SQUARE CAPITAL BDC INC., 10-12G/A, 1/16/2020

Exhibit 10.17 Program Content License Agreement between Phoenix Satellite Television Company Limited and Beijing Tianying Jiuzhou Network Technology Co., Ltd. November 24, 2009 Source: PHOENIX NEW MEDIA LTD, F-1, 4/21/2011 Program Content License Agreement This Program Content License Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into between the following two parties on November 24, 2009 in Beijing: Phoenix Satellite Television Company Limited (“Party A” or “Phoenix Satellite TV”), a foreign enterprise duly established and validly existing under the laws of Hong Kong Registered Address: No. 2-6, Dai King Street, Taipo Industrial Estate, Taipo, N. T., H.K. Authorized Representative: Cui Qiang and Beijing Tianying Jiuzhou Network Technology Co., Ltd. (“Party B”), a limited liability company duly registered and validly existing under PRC laws Address: Floor 5 Information Building, No. 12 Zhongguancun South Street, Haidian District, Beijing 100081 China Legal Representative: Qiao Hai Yan Party A and Party B are hereinafter referred to individually as a “Party” and collectively as “Parties”. WHEREAS:

1.Party A owns copyrights and other related rights to the programs listed in Exhibit 1 hereto, as amended from time to time;

2.In accordance with the “Agreement Between Phoenix Satellite TV and Phoenix New Media Regarding Cooperation in the Fields of Content, Branding, Promotion and Technology” dated November 24, 2009 between Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Limited and Phoenix Online (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd., Party B has the right to operate the Phoenix Satellite TV Websites (defined below) and Other Websites (defined below), provide Internet information services such as news, entertainment, and business information, as well as computer information services through such websites and transfer information from Phoenix Satellite TV to mobile network clients, and authorize the use of the Phoenix Satellite TV program content by other information network service providers (collectively, “Party B Business”); and

3.Both Parties agree that Party A will provide the program content of Phoenix Satellite TV to Party B, subject to the terms and conditions hereof. 2 Source: PHOENIX NEW MEDIA LTD, F-1, 4/21/2011 NOW, THEREFORE, upon amicable consultation based on principles of equality, mutual benefit and complementary advantage, the Parties have reached this Agreement as follows:

1.1Unless otherwise referenced herein, each of the terms used herein shall have the meaning ascribed to it below:

(i)“Affiliate”, with respect to any Party hereto, shall mean any legal person, non-legal person economic organization, or natural person, which owns a controlling interest in, or which is controlling, controlled by or under common control with, such Party, directly or indirectly. As used in this Agreement, “control” means the power of any person to direct or cause the direction of management and policies of another party on account of such person’s ownership of equity interest, voting right, the right to appoint directors, by contract or otherwise.

(ii)“Business Day” shall mean a date on which commercial banks open for business, other than Saturdays, Sundays and public holidays in mainland China.

(iii)“Intellectual Property Right” shall mean authorship right, proprietary trademark right, patent right, business secret ownership right and other intellectual property right under PRC Law.

(iv)“Other Websites” shall mean Internet websites whose domain name are licensed by Party A or its Affiliate to Party B and which are operated and managed by Party B upon Party A’s approval in writing, other than the Phoenix Satellite TV Websites.

(v)“Phoenix Satellite TV Websites” shall mean Internet websites which have the domain name of www.ifeng.com, www.phoenixtv.com or www.phoenixtv.com.cn.

(vi)“Program Content”, with respect to this Agreement, shall mean all program content set forth in Exhibit 1 to which Party A owns Internet and media copyrights and which are required for Party B Business, including but not limited to programs on news, policy trends, entertainment, business and economic trends. 3

(vii)“Program Content Collection” shall mean the collection of Program Content from Phoenix Satellite TV’s Chinese Channel, other professional news media, or other information sources.

(viii)“PRC Law” shall mean all laws, ordinances, rules, orders, notices, regulations and other regulatory documents having legal binding force, as promulgated from time to time prior to and after the date on which this Agreement becomes effective.

(iv)“Taxes” shall mean taxes and fees of all kinds, including all taxes collected in China (including by the central PRC government and various local governments) and in any other jurisdiction, including but not limited to all kinds of ownership tax, interest tax, value added tax, stamp tax, and land and property use tax collected or levied on capital, profit, revenue, sales, or any other taxable item; all duties, fees, deductions, withholding tax, withholding income tax, or penalties or other payment in connection with taxes; and the term “Taxes” shall be interpreted accordingly.

(v)“Third Party”, with respect to this Agreement, shall mean any company, enterprise, other economic organization or individual, other than the Parties hereto.

2.1Party B may use the Program Content licensed by Party A only in Party B Business. Without Party A’s consent in writing, Party B may not in any way use the Program Content provided by Party A for any purposes other than in connection with Party B Business, nor may Party B permit any third party to use in any way the Program Content licensed by Party A to Party B prior to the publishing of the Program Content on the Phoenix Satellite TV Websites or Other Websites.

2.2The Parties shall provide the services hereunder fairly and reasonably as if they were unaffiliated entities in an arm’s-length transaction.

2.3Without Party A’s consent, Party B may not enter into with any third party any agreement or cooperation which is identical with or similar to this Agreement.

2.4If other services are required by Party B in Party B Business, Party B shall first provide Party A with the content and requirements of such services in writing. If Party A indicates expressly in writing that it refuses or is unable to provide such services, Party B may turn to third parties for such other services; if, however, Party A agrees to provide such services, then the Parties shall 4

2.5In the event of any delay, non-performance or partial performance of any obligations hereunder by Party A, Party A shall give Party B prompt notice in writing and make best effort to assist Party B in obtaining identical or similar program content from other channels.

2.6During the course of Party A’s provision of the services hereunder, Party B shall provide all assistance reasonably required by Party A.

3.1Both Parties agree that Party A shall license the Program Content required in Party B Business to Party B, and Party B shall accept the services provided by Party A, to the extent, at the time or times, and in the manner as agreed to by the Parties herein.

3.2The Program Content to be licensed by Party A to Party B shall be as set forth in Exhibit 1 hereto, as updated from time to time. If the Program Content required by Party B is beyond that listed on Exhibit 1, as updated from time to time, Party B shall send its written request to Party A promptly and the latter shall license the Program Content described in the preceding phrase to Party B to the extent it has power to do so in accordance with this Agreement.

3.3In each May during the term of this Agreement, both Parties shall update and adjust the scope of Program Content listed in Exhibit 1 and the Program Content so adjusted shall be the Program Content to be licensed by Party A to Party B for the period of time from May of such year to the next succeeding May. The then adjusted scope of Program Content shall constitute an exhibit hereto and process equal validity as this Agreement.

4.1The amount of the service fee and its terms of payment shall be as set forth in Attachment 1 to the “Agreement Between Phoenix Satellite TV and Phoenix New Media Regarding Cooperation in the Fields of Content, Branding, Promotion and Technology” dated November 24, 2009 between Phoenix Satellite Television Holdings Limited and Phoenix Online (Beijing) Information Technology Co., Ltd. (“Phoenix Online”).

4.2The Parties may enter into a separate agreement and establish specific fee rates in respect of services beyond this Agreement in accordance with the principles set forth herein. 5

5.1Both Parties acknowledge and agree that with respect to Program Content licensed to Party B hereunder, Party B shall not have any copyright or any other Intellectual Property Right. If Party B obtains any Intellectual Property Right in respect of the Program Content during its use of the same, Party B shall notify Party A and, upon its request in writing, sign all documents and take all actions required to assign such Intellectual Property Right to Party A, and ensure the Intellectual Property Right so obtained by Party A is legitimate, complete, and free from any encumbrance.

5.2In the event of any legal action taken by Party A to protect any Intellectual Property Right of the Program Content, or any dispute with any third party in connection with any Intellectual Property Right of the Program Content in which Party A is involved (including but not limited to Party A’s being the plaintiff/applicant or defendant/respondent in any lawsuit or arbitration), Party B shall provide, at the cost of Part A; all assistance reasonably requested by Party A, provided, however, that if the legal action taken by Party A or the dispute in which Party A is involved is due to or related to Party B’s negligence, then the cost of providing such assistance requested by Party A shall be borne by Party B.

5.3If Party B becomes aware of any violation of any Intellectual Property Right to the Program Content provided by Party A to Party B, it shall take all measures reasonably necessary to preserve the evidence of such third party violation, notify Party A of the same as soon as reasonably possible, and take actions reasonably requested by Party A to assist in legal actions taken or claims made by Party A in order to protect its Intellectual Property Right.

5.4If, for causes attributable to Party B, Party A sustains any economic losses as a result of any dispute with any third party over the Program Content provided by Party A, Party B agrees to indemnify Party A for all such losses, which losses shall include only the direct losses and reasonable expenses incurred in resolving such dispute (including reasonable attorney fees). ARTICLE SIXPARTY B’S OBLIGATIONS WITH RESPECT TO CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION

6.1When providing the Program Content to Party B, Party A may specify the special purpose for which such Program Content shall be used, the extent to which such Program Content shall be transmitted, the time or times at which such Program Content shall be transmitted (including the time at which such Program Content is published on the Phoenix Satellite TV Website or Other 6

6.2Party B shall keep in confidence Party A’s business secrets of which Party B may be aware on account of Party B’s receipt from Party A of the license to use the Program Content. Upon the termination of this Agreement, Party B shall return to Party A or destroy any document, material or software containing such business secrets and delete the same from any memory devices.

6.3Party B warrants that it will take all technical methods and confidential measures reasonably available to Party B to ensure that only Party A and certain of Party B personnel designated by Party A may have access to the Program Content licensed by Party A to Party B. Without Party A’s permission in writing, Party B may not disclose or sublicense the Program Content to any third party, except for the Program Content related to Party B Business.

7.1.1it owns copyrights and other related rights to the Program Content set forth in Exhibit 1 hereto, as updated from time to time;

7.1.2it has taken all appropriate and necessary corporate actions and other actions, authorized the execution and performance of this Agreement, and obtained all appropriate consents, approvals and authorizations required for the execution and performance of this Agreement; and

7.1.3its signing and performance of this Agreement will not violate or contradict any of its constitutional documents, laws and regulations applicable to it, or any agreement or contract to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

7.2.1it has taken all appropriate and necessary corporate action and other actions, authorized the execution and performance of this Agreement, 7

7.2.2its signing and performance of this Agreement will not violate or contradict any of its constitutional documents, laws and regulations applicable to it, or any agreements or contracts to which it is a party or by which it is bound.

8.1Both Parties agree that any breach of any of the warranties, covenants, or provisions hereof by either Party shall constitute a breach of this Agreement, except under circumstances described in Section 8.2 below. In the event of any breach of this Agreement by any Party hereto, the breaching Party shall indemnify the other Party for all of such other Parties losses arising therefrom, which losses shall include only direct losses, reasonable expenses and reasonable attorney fees.

8.2.1one Party is in breach of its obligations hereunder and fails to cure such breach within ten (10) Business Days following the other Party’s written notice thereof, then the non-breaching Party may terminate this Agreement;

8.2.2one Party enters into a bankruptcy process, Party B’s shareholder or equity structure changes (not including changes to Party B’s shareholder or equity structure due to the Exclusive Call Option Agreement and Equity Pledge Agreement dated between Party B, Phoenix Online and other relevant parties), or one Party ceases its business operation, then the other Party may send a written notice of termination to such Party and this Agreement shall terminate as of the date on which such written notice is served to such Party;

8.2.3one Party’s performance of its obligations hereunder is held unlawful under the PRC Law, such Party may send a written notice of termination to the other Party upon the promulgation of the relevant PRC Law;

8.2.4one Party’s performance of its obligations hereunder (including but not limited to such Party’s ability to perform this Agreement) is, in the reasonable judgment of the other Party, adversely affected by the occurrence of any event, then the unaffected Party may terminate this Agreement upon notifying the other Party in writing; and 8

8.2.5in exercising its right to terminate this Agreement pursuant to Subsections 8.

2.1 to 8.2.4, one Party shall give a written notice of termination to the other Party, without the necessity of obtaining consent from the other Party, and this Agreement shall terminate as of the date on which such written notice is served to the other Party.

8.3No compensation or indemnification will be required to be made by one Party to the other Party when one Party exercises its right to terminate this Agreement unilaterally pursuant to this Article Eight and no rights or interests of the terminating Party will be adversely affected by the termination of this Agreement.

9.1This Agreement shall become effective on the date on which it is signed and affixed with the corporate seals by the authorized representative of each Party and have a term of five (5) years commencing as of the effective date hereof.

9.2Upon confirmation by the licensor in writing prior to the expiration of the term hereof, this Agreement may be extended for as long as may be agreed to by both the licensor and licensee through negotiation, provided, however, that the licensee shall not have the right to decide the extension of the term hereof.

In the event that a Party’s performance of this Agreement or any covenants of the Parties is directly affected by an earthquake, typhoon, flood, fire, war, computer virus, design loophole in any software tool, hacker attack on the Internet, amendment to law or policy or any other event of force majeure which is not foreseeable or the result of which is not to be prevented or avoided, such Party shall immediately give the other Party a notice by fax of such event and within thirty days (30) thereafter provide a detailed report thereof as well as a certification document explaining the cause for the non-performance or delayed performance of this Agreement, which certification document shall be issued by the public notary of the region in which the event of force majeure occurred. The Parties shall decide through consultation whether performance of this Agreement, in whole or in part, shall be relieved or delayed to the extent affected by such event. With respect to economic losses sustained by either Party as a result of such event, neither Party shall be liable therefor. 9 Source: PHOENIX NEW MEDIA LTD, F-1, 4/21/2011

11.1The execution, validity, interpretation, enforcement and dispute resolution of this Agreement shall be governed by the PRC Law.

11.2Any dispute, conflict or claim arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or the performance hereof shall be resolved by the Parties through amicable negotiation, which negotiation shall commence immediately upon notice by one Party to the other of the nature of such dispute, conflict or claim. In the event that such dispute is not resolved within thirty (30) Business Days following such notice, either Party may upon the expiration of the such 30-day notice period submit such dispute to arbitration by the Hong Kong International Arbitration Centre in accordance with the arbitration rules of such centre then in effect. The arbitration shall be conducted in Hong Kong in English and the arbitral award shall be binding upon both Parties. During the resolution (including the arbitration) of the dispute, the Parties shall continue to perform other portions of this Agreement unaffected by such dispute.

Both Parties agree that any and all Taxes payable on account of this Agreement or the performance hereof shall be paid by the Party incurring such Taxes.

13.1Party B may not assign its rights and obligations hereunder without Party A’s consent in writing and the successors and permitted assigns of the Parties shall be bound by this Agreement.

13.2Failure to exercise or delay in exercising any right, power, or privilege provided by this Agreement shall not be deemed a waiver of such right, power, or privilege and any partial exercise of such right, power or privilege shall not hinder any future exercise of such right, power or privilege.

13.3The rights, power and remedies provided for Party A and Party B herein are cumulative and not exclusive, and shall be in addition to any other rights, power or remedies provided by law, regulation, contract or otherwise now or hereafter in effect.

13.4Any and all notices, approvals, requests, authorizations, instructions or other communications required hereunder (collectively, “Written Documents”) shall be made in writing and with a reference to this Agreement. A Written Document shall be deemed duly given by one Party to the other upon personal delivery to the address of the other Party; or on a date which is four (4) business days from the date on which the Written Document is posted through registered or certified mail (postage prepaid and return receipt 10

13.5This Agreement shall supersede all other agreements, written or oral, of the Parties regarding the subject matter of this Agreement and constitutes the entire agreement of the Parties concerning such subject matter.

13.6This Agreement shall be signed in two (2) original copies in Chinese, with each of Party A and Party B holding one (1) copy, and both copies shall be equally authentic. IN WITNESS HEREOF, the Parties have signed this Agreement as of the date first written above. [Remainder of this page intentionally left blank] 11

Authorized Representative: /s/ Ming Chen 13 Source: PHOENIX NEW MEDIA LTD, F-1, 4/21/2011

Program Content licensed by Party A to Party B: Phoenix infonews channel Stock Market Snapshot Current Affairs Debate News Talk Financial Journal News Magnifier * Stock Market Express Celebrated China Heritage Taiwan Weekly Focus Hong Kong Viewpoint Journalist On The Spot Finance Point To Point Mainland Q&A Phoenix Chinese channel Studying Around Greater China with Yang Jinlin My Patriotic Heart Belle Gourmet China Forum Phoenix Aerostation Mainland Q&A Wisdom From The East Dialogue With World Leaders Tiger Talk Premium Spectacular China Impression Southern China Anecdote National Centre For The Performing Arts * Inside Big Cases * Starface * 14 Source: PHOENIX NEW MEDIA LTD, F-1, 4/21/2011 A Date With Luyu Eight-Minute Reading Entertainment Whirlwind * Lawrence Viewpoint Sisy’s News Peter Qiu’s Talk Shi Ping Financial Insight Hacker Zhao Shao Kang Panoramic Eyeshot Of Phoenix * Emergent China Trendy Guide: Cat Walk Art Of Taste Secret Documentary Observation Post Of Military Situation Social Watch Head Start In Finance From Phoenix To The World * Newsline Behind The Headlines With Wentao Celebrity Museum * excluding the music contained in the Program Content, pieces and data authorized by third party to Phoenix Satellite TV and pieces and materials which are not produced by Phoenix Satellite TV itself. 15 Source: PHOENIX NEW MEDIA LTD, F-1, 4/21/2011

1. By execution of this Supplier/Subcontractor Contract (“Contract”), _______________ (“Supplier”) agrees and acknowledges that: (i) all images and/or trademarks, including, but not limited to PLAYBOY, (the “Playboy Properties”) applied at the request of _______________ (“Purchaser”) to merchandise covered by this Contract are owned by Playboy Enterprises International, Inc. (“Playboy”), and when used upon merchandise means that such merchandise is sponsored, approved, recommended or sold by Playboy or its licensees;

(ii) Supplier will not sell, ship or otherwise dispose of any such merchandise except upon the order of Purchaser or Playboy;

(iii) Supplier will never make, cause others to make or assist others in making, any claim whatsoever to any or all of the Playboy Properties or any trademark, copyright, designation, name, phrase, design or symbol similar thereto in connection with the manufacture, advertising, promotion, sale or distribution of merchandise; and (iv) Supplier will defend, indemnify and hold harmless Purchaser and Playboy and the distributors and dealers and the officers and employees of each of the foregoing against all liability whatsoever which may be incurred by them or any of them as a result of any alleged defects in material or workmanship in the merchandise covered by this Contract.

2. Supplier agrees that no production or manufacture of any merchandise covered by this Contract will commence until this Contract has been signed, dated and returned by Supplier to Purchaser. Supplier further agrees that it will not produce, cause to be produced or assist in the production of more units than are specified by Purchaser nor will Supplier produce, cause to be produced or assist in the production of any product or item not specifically requested by Purchaser using any or all of the Playboy Properties or any trademark, copyright, designations, names, phrases, designs or symbols similar to any or all of the Playboy Properties during or at any time after the completion of merchandise requested by this Contract.

3. Supplier will, upon request from Purchaser or Playboy, deliver to Purchaser or will destroy in the presence of Purchaser or its representative(s), all molds, designs or any other elements used in reproducing any or all of the Playboy Properties.

4. Playboy is an intended third-party beneficiary of this Contract.

5. This Contract, when attached to a purchase order, shall consist of the entire agreement between the parties and shall supersede any conflicting or contrary terms and conditions of any purchase order or other order form whether supplied by Purchaser or Supplier.

6. This Contract may not be modified or terminated except in writing, and no claimed modification, termination or waiver shall be binding unless also signed by an authorized representative of Playboy.

7. VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT BY SUPPLIER MAY RESULT IN PROSECUTION FOR PLAYBOY

(Name of Company - Please Print) By: By: Title: Title: Date: Date:

Exhibit 10.24 *Portions of this exhibit marked [*] are requested to be treated confidentially.

This CONTENT LICENSE AGREEMENT (the “Agreement”) is entered into and effective September 17, 2008 (the “Effective Date”), by and between World Book, Inc. (“World Book”), a Delaware corporation with offices at 233 North Michigan Avenue, Suite 2000, Chicago, IL 60601, and HSW International, Inc. (“HSWI”), a Delaware corporation with offices at One Capital City Plaza, 3350 Peachtree Road, Suite 1600, Atlanta, Georgia 30326. WHEREAS, World Book owns or licenses certain articles and other materials including, without limitation, the Reference Content and Images content. WHEREAS, HSWI desires to Display certain Content on the HSWI Websites and World Book desires to license the Content for this use in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual promises and covenants set forth below, the parties hereto agree as follows:

1. DEFINITIONS. Capitalized terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings specified below.

1.3 “Affiliate” means any distributor or franchisee of HSWI or any company or other entity worldwide, including without limitation corporations, partnerships, joint ventures, and limited liability companies in which HSWI directly or indirectly holds at least a 19% ownership, equity, control or financial interest and which HSWI intends to enjoy any of HSWI’s rights hereunder. A list of Affiliates as of the Effective Date is attached hereto as Attachment A. Attachment A may be modified from time to time upon notice by HSWI to reflect a revised list of Affiliates and each modified Attachment A shall be deemed incorporated herein by reference.

1.4 “Affinity” means the arrangement of Reference Content and Images into articles about a variety of subjects as agreed by HSWI and World Book in accordance with this Agreement and identified in detail in Schedule A.

1.9 “Confidential Information” means any and all trade secrets, proprietary or confidential information of either party and includes, without limitation: (a) any information, software, material, data or business, financial, operational, customer, vendor, and other information disclosed by one party to the other,

(b) the terms of this Agreement, and/or (c) the fact of the existence of this Agreement except as specifically permitted in Section 7. Confidential Information will not include information that the receiving party can prove:

(w) was already in such party’s possession prior to receipt; (x) was independently developed by such party; (y) was obtained from a third party who had the right to disclose such information to such party, and/or (z) was or became generally available to the public other than as a result of disclosure by such party.

1.10 “Content” means, collectively: (a) the Reference Content; (b) Translated Content; (c) any updates to any of the foregoing provided by World Book; and (d) World Book Derivatives. The term “Content” shall not include any HSWI Modifications.

1.12 “Display” means to use, publicly display, publicly perform, provide a link to, provide the ability to download and/or print and otherwise make available on or through web sites.

1.13 “Effective Date” is defined in the preamble of this Agreement.

1.14 “Encyclopedia” means a tab or section of a website: (a) branded with the word “encyclopedia”; or (b) that consists solely of multiple unrelated Affinities as provided by World Book hereunder.

1.16 “Exclusive” shall mean World Book shall have no further right to grant to third parties the same or any other licenses to the Content in the Open Free Web and itself retains no such rights or other licenses.

1.17 “Force Majeure Event” is defined in Section 11.1 hereof.

1.18 “HSWI Modifications” means modifications to the Content made by or on behalf of HSWI or its Affiliates in accordance with this Agreement, except to the extent the HSWI Modifications are World Book Derivatives.

1.19 “HSWI Websites” means, collectively, the Chinese language website found at bowenwang.com.cn, and all other websites (be they Chinese language or non-Chinese language) owned or controlled by HSWI or its Affiliates whether presently existing or later developed, and all successor websites to any of the foregoing websites

1.20 “Images” means illustrative materials, including but not limited to charts, graphs, photographs, tables and renderings wholly owned by World Book and licensed to HSWI.

1.21 “Intellectual Property Rights” means any and all rights, titles and interests, whether foreign or domestic, in and to any and all trade secrets, patents, copyrights, service marks, trademarks, know-how, or similar intellectual property rights, as well as any and all moral rights, rights of droit moral, rights of privacy, publicity and similar rights of any type under the laws or regulations of any governmental, regulatory, or judicial authority, foreign or domestic.

1.22 “Net Revenue” means gross revenue less costs not to exceed [*] percent ([*]%) of such gross revenue, including reasonable third-party agency/ third-party advertising sales commissions and rebates and serving, bad debts and applicable taxes.

1.23 “Open Free Web” means all websites (i) through which content can be indexed by Google and/or other consumer search engines; (ii) through which content is openly accessible by the public free of charge, and/or (iii) that do not charge a subscription fee or other fee for access to the content of the website.

1.24 ”Reference Content” means content created from various World Book digital databases, print products, outside reference sources or materials acquired by World Book and which shall be provided in simplified Chinese characters and shall consist of sixteen million (16,000,000) to [*] ([*]) Chinese characters.

1.25 “Royalties” means fees payable by HSWI to World Book and calculated on the basis set forth in

1.26 “Significant Breach” means an uncured breach (pursuant to the cure provisions of Section

6.2(i)) by HSWI of one or more of the following:

(i) HSWI brands the Affinities with the word “Encyclopedia” and/or Displays the Affinities or the underlying Reference Content and/or Images as an Encyclopedia in breach of Section 2.2(iii);

(ii) HSWI uses or Displays the World Book Brand to promote the Content in violation of

(iii) HSWI assigns this Agreement to a Competitor (as defined in Section 11.8) of World Book in violation of Section 11.8; and/or

(iv) HSWI fails to make payments as required by Section 4.

1.27 “Translated Content” means non-Chinese versions of the Affinities and/or the Reference Content, created pursuant to Section 2.3. [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

1.28 “Updating Services” means that upon World Book’s update to or maintenance of the World Book Online Reference Center or the Reference Content, World Book will provide notice, a reference to the affected Articles, and the actual content of the update to HSWI so that HSWI can update and maintain the factual data in the Affinities. Such services shall be of the scope and nature with which World Book updates and maintains its content in the normal course of its own updating and maintenance process.

1.29 “World Book Brand” is defined in Section 7.4 hereof.

1.30 “World Book Derivatives” means any modifications, updates or other derivative works to the Content based on other Content provided by World Book regardless of who performs such modifications, updates or other derivative works.

1.31 “World Book Online Reference Center” means World Book’s online product found at www.worldbookonline.com or any successor URL thereto.

(i) License Grant. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, World Book hereby grants to HSWI, a perpetual, irrevocable limited license to use, copy, store, archive, distribute, transmit, modify (subject to Section 2.1(iv)), and Display the Content, Images and Affinities in whole or in part, only on the HSWI Websites or in promotions in any media for the HSWI Websites. The license to each component of the Content, Images and Affinities shall be subject to the term and exclusivity provisions set forth in this Section 2. The license to each component of the Content, Images and Affinities shall be supplemented by any additional license rights in this Section 2, and in the event of any conflict with this Section 2.1 such other additional license rights in this Section 2 shall prevail.

(ii) Right to Sublicense. World Book further grants HSWI the right to sub-license the Content, Images and Affinities to users of the HSWI Websites to view, to store, and to make reasonable copies of the Content, Images and Affinities to use such Content, Images and Affinities for non-commercial, private purposes, provided that HSWI sets forth the limited terms of such sublicense in writing in the HSWI Websites’ terms and conditions. In addition, World Book grants HSWI the right to sub-license the Content for business development purposes, with no more than [*] ([*]%) of the Content being licensed to any single third party, and in limited, non-material usage in other mediums for promotional or public relations purposes. HSWI may not sublicense the Content, Images or Affinities to any paid-subscription website which is an aggregator of third-party content (for the avoidance of doubt, such shall not include the [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

(iii) No Other Rights. Except as set forth herein, HSWI has no other right to sublicense the Content except with the advance written consent of World Book. World Book retains all rights not specifically granted herein.

(iv) Restrictions. The Content and Images shall be available to Display on the HSWI Websites as one or more individual articles, via commercially available browsers using personal computers, mobile devices, kiosks, or other equipment. HSWI may modify the Content, including using excerpts, for purposes of exercising its rights under this Agreement, including without limitation, to fit the format and the look-and-feel of the HSWI Websites, for promotion of the Content or HSWI Websites, for allowing third parties to sponsor certain Content, and to include links in the Content to HSWI Websites or third party websites; provided, however, HSWI may not edit, modify, or create derivative works from the Content for purposes of changing the substantive information contained in the Content, except (i) as otherwise approved by World Book in writing; or (ii) as otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement. HSWI may not Display the Content or Images on any website which is pornographic. HSWI may not translate the Content provided by World Book hereunder except as set forth in Section 2.3 or for purposes of performing updates.

(v) Third Party Service Provider Rights. HSWI may permit third party suppliers of services and facilities (including, without limitation, agents, consultants, host providers, data centers, outsource service providers, disaster backup and recovery service providers) to use the Content, Images and Affinities under the terms of this Agreement in support of HSWI exercising its rights under this Agreement. HSWI also may designate one or more third party suppliers of services as HSWI’s agent for the administration of this Agreement and the receipt of services under this Agreement from World Book.

(vi) Affiliate Rights. All rights granted to HSWI under this Agreement may be exercised by or through HSWI and/or its Affiliates.

(i) Creation. World Book shall create and deliver the Affinities in the Delivery Period. The Affinities will be organized into stand-alone articles around specific topics (each, an “Article”) according to the taxonomy set forth in Schedule A. Any given Affinity will consist of multiple Articles in the same subject area (i.e., history or life sciences). There shall be at least one Article for each of those topics identified in Schedule B. World Book shall create the Affinities based on Reference Content and other content owned or licensed by World Book, including without limitation, various World Book digital databases, print products, outside reference sources or materials acquired by World Book. World Book will make reasonable efforts to cross check the Reference Content against other World Book products for factual accuracy. World Book will create the Affinities according to the guidelines and instructions provided by HSWI from time to time, and agreed to by World Book whose consent shall not be unreasonably withheld, and according to the high quality standards for commercially published works, but in no event less than the standards of World Book for its own published works. If an Affinity does not meet the requirements set forth herein, World Book will promptly revise the Affinity to meet such. The total amount of material World Book makes available for all Affinities shall be no less than sixteen million (16,000,000) Chinese characters. Additionally, the Affinities shall collectively contain at least sixteen thousand (16,000) Articles written in simplified Chinese characters, with an average and median number of words per Article of no less than one thousand (1,000) simplified Chinese characters.

(ii) Delivery. World Book will deliver at least [*] percent ([*]%) of the Articles in the Affinities on or before [*], and at least [*] percent ([*]%) on or before the [*]. World Book will deliver the Affinities according to the following schedule.

(iii) Scope of License for Affinity & Content Included in Affinity. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, World Book grants HSWI the right to use, copy, store, archive, distribute, transmit, modify, translate (subject to Section 2.3), and Display the Content that comprises the Affinities as part of the Affinities, and the Affinities themselves, in any manner and in any digital media (and to sublicense such rights to third parties), provided that HSWI does not resell all or license substantially all of the Content for a fee to other content publishers. The term of the license for the Content delivered to HSWI as part of the Affinities, and the Affinities themselves, shall be perpetual, Exclusive, and irrevocable. World Book shall have no right to allow any party other than HSWI, including World Book, to publish, distribute, duplicate, or otherwise use the Reference Content that comprises the Affinities on the Open Free Web for purposes of creating any materials that are the same or similar to the Affinities and published online or in any other free digital media. World Book shall have no right to use the Reference Content that comprises the Affinities on the Open Free Web except for purposes of performing its obligations to HSWI under this Agreement. HSWI may not brand the Affinities with the word “Encyclopedia.” Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Affinities or the underlying Reference Content and/or Images may not be Displayed as an Encyclopedia. World Book shall not license to any third parties or otherwise use the Content as Affinities in any digital form during the term of the license.

(iv) Scope of License for Images Included in Affinity. World Book grants HSWI the right to use, copy, store, archive, distribute, transmit, modify, translate (subject to Section 2.3), and Display the Images as part of the Affinity. The term of the license for the Images delivered to HSWI as part of the Affinity, shall be perpetual and irrevocable. [*] ([*]) of the Images shall be Exclusive for the Open Free Web. [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

(i) Right to Create Translated Content. Where rights permit, HSWI shall have the right to translate the Affinities for Display on the Open Free Web on HSWI Websites. HSWI shall, promptly after creating such Translated Content, provide World Book with a copy of the Translated Content in a format and manner acceptable to the parties. HSWI shall advise World Book that it desires to translate the Affinities prior to commencing such translation and World Book shall notify HSWI if World Book does not hold the rights necessary to allow HSWI to translate any Articles or portions thereof. HSWI may not Display the Translated Content as an Encyclopedia, and may not translate any Affinity for which a same subject-matter Affinity has not been previously licensed by HowStuffWorks, Inc. Additionally, if HSWI translates any of the Affinities into English, HSWI’s sole rights to publish such English Translated Content shall be as a translation on those foreign language HSWI Websites which are not intended for English-language audiences. Notwithstanding the foregoing, HSWI may not translate any Affinity into English for which a same subject Affinity has not been previously licensed by World Book to HowStuffWorks, Inc.

(ii) Scope of License. The term of the license for Translated Content shall be for a term of [*] ([*]) years from the time such Translated Content is first Displayed on an HSWI Website. In addition, such license for Translated Content shall be Exclusive for Display on the Open Free Web. At the end of such [*] ([*]) year period, HSWI shall have the right to renew the Agreement under materially the same terms or shall have an option to purchase the Translated Content outright to the extent rights permit and to the extent the parties mutually agree to terms for such sale.

2.4 Non-Display. HSWI may, in its sole discretion, decide not to Display Content obtained from World Book. If HSWI elects in a written notice to World Book that HSWI will not Display any such Content, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the license to such Content shall be non-Exclusive.

2.5 Exclusivity. Commencing on the Effective Date and continuing for eighteen (18) months, World Book shall work exclusively with HSWI to publish Chinese language Content for the Open Free Web and shall not itself, directly or indirectly, publish Chinese language Content for the Open Free Web. For purposes of clarity, and except as otherwise set forth herein, World Book maintains the right to continue to publish Content and Images for its paid-subscription websites and other existing or new partner paid-subscription websites, provided that such are not within the definition of the Open Free Web. Additionally commencing on the Effective Date and continuing for eighteen (18) months, World Book shall offer HSWI a right of first refusal to create any paid-subscription Chinese language websites, which do not exist as of the date hereof, using the Content on equal or better terms as agreed to between World Book and a third party.

[*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

2.6 Updating Services. World Book shall provide Updating Services to HSWI until the later of: (a) such time as World Book’s cessation of providing Updating Services to HowStuffWorks, Inc. or its successor, but such Updating Services shall be only for the same Content under this Agreement for which World Book is obligated to provide Updating Services to HowStuffWorks, Inc. or its successor; (b) such time as the Royalties paid in a given year are less than $[*]; or (c) [*] years from the Effective Date. World Book shall provide the updates in the manner and form as set forth in Schedule D. HSWI acknowledges that the Updating Services will not be automated and may require review and editing by HSWI. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, HSWI shall have the right to update the Content, Affinity and Images to correct errors or alleged errors (including, without limitation, errors of omission) in such or in response to third party claims related to the Content, Images or Affinity, and may use World Book content and data in connection with such updates. World Book shall provide the Updating Services in English, and HSWI may translate any such updates into Chinese only. Any authored content provided under the Updating Services, even when translated into Chinese by HSWI, shall be subject to the license herein for that Content which is being updated, and for the avoidance of doubt shall not be considered Translated Content.

3.1 World Book’s Ownership Rights. World Book shall own all right, title and interest, including all Intellectual Property Rights, in and to the Content and in all Intellectual Property Rights in the Content, including, without limitation, World Book Brands (as defined in Section 7.4) and any derivative works to any of the foregoing. HSWI shall have no proprietary interest in the Content, other than the license rights set forth herein.

3.2 HSWI’s Ownership Rights. HSWI shall own all right, title and interest, including all Intellectual Property Rights, in and to (i) the HSWI Websites, their look and feel and the software code or web site infrastructure that it develops, licenses, or purchases to support Display of the Content; and (ii) the HSWI Modifications.

3.3 Documents. Each party agrees (without further compensation) to execute any applications, agreements and instruments and to do all other things reasonably requested by the other party, at the requesting party’s expense (both during and after the term of this Agreement) in order to vest the rights provided in this Agreement.

(i) Royalty Rates. HSWI shall pay to World Book Royalties calculated as a defined percentage of the Net Revenue received by HSWI from

[*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

(ii) Payments/Advances. During the applicable Contract Period, HSWI shall pay World Book non-refundable advances towards the Royalties in the amounts set forth below ( “Payments/Advances”): Due Date Amount [*] $[*] [*] [*] $[*] [*] $[*] [*] $[*] [*] $[*] [*] [*] $[*] [*] $[*] [*] $[*] TOTAL $[*] World Book will submit invoices to HSWI for the Payments/Advances at least [*] ([*]) days prior to the due date of such Payment/Advance, with the exception of the first payment which shall be due [*]. No Royalty payments will be due until the amount of the Royalties exceed the amount of the Payments/Advances described above for the development and delivery of the Affinities and Content licensed hereunder, and then Royalties will only be owed for any Royalties in excess of the amount of the Payments/Advances, as further detailed in the following Sub-Section. If, subsequent to the Effective Date and prior to the end of 2009, HowStuffWorks, Inc. enters into one or more new agreements or modifies an existing agreement with World Book to license content with guaranteed payment obligations in such new agreement or in such modification totaling at least [*] dollars ($[*]) in additional fees, then each of HSWI’s [*], and [*], [*] shall be reduced from $[*] to $[*]. Nothing paid in Contract Period 1 pursuant to the [*], as amended shall be used to calculate guaranteed payment obligations hereunder. [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

(iii) Calculation and Payment of Excess Royalties. Royalties for Content will be calculated based on the Royalty rates set forth in Subsection (i) and compared to the Payments/Advances paid by HSWI during the term of this Agreement. If such calculated Royalties exceed all Payments/Advances paid during the term of this Agreement (“Excess Royalties”), HSWI will pay such Excess Royalties within [*] ([*]) days after the end of the calendar year in which such Excess Royalties were earned. Additionally, within [*] ([*]) days after the end of each calendar year, HSWI will provide to World Book a report of its Royalty calculations. If Excess Royalties are earned before all Payments/Advances have been paid, the Excess Royalties will be deducted from future Payments/Advances. In the event that Royalties are [*] than Payments/Advances, [*]. By way of example, if the calculated Royalties for 2008 are $[*]. Royalty statements shall be final and accepted by the parties unless World Book has, in good faith, notified HSWI of the amount and specific reasons for the dispute within [*] ([*]) days from the date of the statement.

4.2 Buy-Out Option. HSWI shall have the right at any time following [*] to pay World Book a single fee (the “Buy-Out Fee”), the payment of which would eliminate HSWI’s obligation to pay any further Excess Royalties. The Buy-Out Fee shall be the [*] of: a) the amount [*], or b) an amount equal to [*] times the calculated Royalties of the most recent calendar year.

4.3 Taxes. To the extent required, HSWI shall pay all sales, use or similar state or local taxes in connection with this Agreement, except for employment taxes or taxes related to World Book’s income.

5. AUDIT. HSWI shall maintain complete and accurate records to support and document the Royalties owed under this Agreement in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied and to document compliance with the terms of this Agreement. HSWI shall also provide reasonable assistance to World Book or its designated agent to conduct audits to confirm the payments hereunder. Any such audit will be conducted upon [*] ([*]) days notice and during regular business hours, and shall be at [*] expense, unless such audit reveals a discrepancy of more than [*] percent ([*]%) in the total applicable amount reported by HSWI, in which case [*] shall pay for, or reimburse [*] the cost of, such audit. Any such audit shall be conducted by an independent certified public accounting firm which is not engaged in performing other work for World Book or its affiliates; which agrees to enter into a confidentiality agreement with HSWI; and which is not compensated in any manner of contingency arrangements on the basis of its findings. HSWI further agrees that until the expiration of [*] ([*]) year after the termination of this Agreement, HSWI will make available upon written request to World Book or any of its duly authorized representatives, this Agreement and books, documents, and records of HSWI that are necessary to verify the nature and extent of the revenue derived by HSWI from advertising related to the Content hereunder. No more than [*] audit may be conducted in any [*] month period, unless the then-most-recent audit reveals a discrepancy of more than [*] percent ([*]%) in the total applicable amount reported by HSWI. [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

(i) Term of Agreement. This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and, except as set forth in Subsection (ii), continue in full force and effect through the Delivery Period.

(ii) Term of Licenses. Notwithstanding Subsection (i), certain license grants for Content, Images and Affinities extend beyond the expiration or earlier termination of this Agreement as set forth herein. With respect to such Content, Images and Affinities, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall continue to apply.

6.2 Termination for Cause or Bankruptcy. This Agreement may be terminated by a party in the event of:

(i) any material default in, or material breach of, any of the material terms and conditions of this Agreement by the other party, which default continues in effect after the defaulting party has been provided with written notice of default and sixty (60) days to cure such default;

(ii) the commencement of a voluntary case or other voluntary proceeding seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief with respect to the other party of its debts under any bankruptcy, insolvency, or other similar law now or hereafter in effect, that authorizes the reorganization or liquidation of such other party or its debt or the appointment of a trustee, receiver, liquidator, custodian or other similar official of it or any substantial part of its property;

(iii) the other party’s consent to any such relief or to the appointment of or taking possession by any such official in an involuntary case or other proceeding commenced against it; or

(iv) the other party’s making a general assignment for the benefit of creditors; or the other party’s being adjudicated insolvent; or the other party taking any corporate action to authorize any of the foregoing.

6.3 Effect of Termination. Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, HSWI shall pay World Book all amounts due and owing up to the date of termination, within [*] ([*]) days after such expiration or termination. In addition, upon the expiration or termination of the applicable license, HSWI shall cease to Display the applicable Content that is not licensed under a perpetual license, return or destroy such Content within [*] ([*]) days after such expiration or termination at the direction of World Book, and, upon request by World Book, certify completion of the return or destruction in writing. There shall be no effect upon the applicable Content that is licensed under a perpetual license. [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

6.4 Remedies. The termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall not affect either party’s rights or obligations arising prior to the effective date of such termination. For purposes of clarification, upon a Significant Breach of this Agreement by HSWI which remains uncured, the rights to publicly use the World Book Brand as set forth in Section 7.4 may be revoked by World Book. Notwithstanding anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the rights and remedies of the parties as set forth in this Agreement are not exclusive and are in addition to any other rights and remedies available to it at law or in equity.

6.5 Equitable Relief. Each party acknowledges that its breach of certain provisions of this Agreement would cause irreparable injury to the other party for which monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy. Accordingly, each party will be entitled to seek injunctions and other equitable remedies in the event of such a breach or threatened breach by the other party, or to seek specific performance of any provision hereof. A party’s right to seek equitable relief shall not limit in any manner such party’s respective rights to seek other and/or additional remedies at law or in equity.

7.1 Protection of Confidential Information. Solely for the purposes of the use and disclosure of Confidential Information, each of World Book and HSWI is defined to include such party’s directors, officers, employees, legal counsel, and consultants, with a need to know, and who are advised by such party of the confidential nature of the information or who are required to execute a nondisclosure agreement with the confidentiality terms at least as restrictive in all material respects as set forth in this Agreement. Each party shall maintain all of the Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party in strict confidence and will protect such information with the same degree of care that each party exercises with its own Confidential Information, but in no event less than a reasonable degree of care. Each party may use the Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party only to perform its obligations under this Agreement. Except as provided in this Agreement, neither party shall use or disclose any Confidential Information disclosed to it by the other party without the express prior written consent of such disclosing party. Neither party shall decompile, disassemble, or reverse engineer any Confidential Information disclosed to such party by the other party, and any information derived in violation of such covenant shall automatically be deemed Confidential Information. All of the Confidential Information, and all copies, extracts, summaries and other reproductions thereof, shall be and remain the property of the respective disclosing party. Upon written request or upon the expiration of this Agreement, all Confidential Information (and all copies thereof) will be returned to the party disclosing such or destroyed, with written certification thereof, except that one archival copy of written material to be kept confidential and segregated from the parties’ regular files may be retained by each party’s legal counsel solely for purposes of verifying compliance with this Agreement.

7.2 Disclosures Required by Law. If a party is required to disclose Confidential Information received from the other party, by law or a governmental authority, including, without limitation, pursuant to a subpoena, court order, interrogatories, civil investigation demand, or other process, such Confidential Information may be disclosed, provided that the disclosing party, if permitted: (a) promptly notifies the other party of the disclosure requirement; (b) cooperates with the other party’s efforts to resist or narrow the disclosure and to obtain an order or other reliable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded Confidential Information; and (c) furnishes only Confidential Information that is legally compelled to be disclosed according to advice of its legal counsel.

7.3 Disclosures to Investors. HSWI may disclose the contents of this Agreement to promote investment to potential financial investors or institutions, provided that such parties are subject to a confidentiality agreement at least as restrictive in all material respects as the confidentiality terms in this Agreement.

7.4 Use of World Book Brand. Except as set forth herein, neither party shall issue any press releases or public statements concerning this Agreement or the subject matter herein without the other party’s prior written agreement, except as required by law. World Book grants no right to HSWI for the use or Display of World Book’s brands, logos, service marks, or other trade names or trademarks of World Book (“World Book Brand”) in any manner, except as permitted in this Section. HSWI may not use the World Book Brand to promote the Content on any of the HSWI Websites to existing or potential users. HSWI may use World Book’s name solely to promote advertising or investment to potential advertising clients or financial investors or institutions. Notwithstanding the foregoing, and subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, HSWI may identify the Content on the HSWI Websites and elsewhere as “From the editors of World Book, Inc.,” in simplified Chinese language as set forth in Schedule E or such other credit or credits as the parties hereto may mutually agree in writing, except for any of that Content which has been modified without the approval of World Book. Additionally, World Book agrees to cooperate with HSWI’s issuing a press release within one month of entering into this Agreement which identifies HSWI as receiving exclusive content created by World Book and includes relevant quotes from World Book executives. Any press releases issued by HSWI including the World Book Brand shall be previously approved in writing by World Book, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld.

7.5 Required Disclosures. Notwithstanding the foregoing, World Book acknowledges that HSWI is a publicly listed company subject to various disclosure regulations. In connection with such, World Book acknowledges that HSWI may disclose in its regulatory filings, investor communications, and associated statements the World Book Brand and those aspects of this Agreement that HSWI reasonably finds are required to be disclosed by law or regulation. HSWI will use its commercially reasonable efforts to consult with World Book on any such legally required public disclosures of the World Book Brand and this Agreement.

7.6 The restrictions on use and disclosure of Confidential Information under this Section 7 shall remain in effect [*] ([*]) years following disclosure of the Confidential Information; provided, however, for trade secrets such restrictions shall continue for so long as such information is deemed a trade secret under applicable law.

8.1 Mutual Representations. Each party represents and warrants to the other party that:

(i) It is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization or incorporation and, if relevant under such laws, in good standing;

(ii) It has the corporate and/or other legal capacity, authority and power to execute, deliver, and perform its obligations under this Agreement and any other document relating hereto to which it is a party, and has taken all necessary action to authorize such execution, delivery and performance;

(iii) Such execution, delivery and performance do not violate or conflict with any law applicable to it, any provision of its constitutional documents, any order or judgment of any court or other agency of government applicable to it or any of its assets or any contractual restriction binding on or affecting it or any of its assets;

(iv) All governmental and other authorizations, approvals, consents, notices and filings that are required to have been obtained or submitted by it with respect to this Agreement and any other document relating hereto to which it is a party have been obtained or submitted and are in full force and effect and all conditions of any such authorizations, approvals, consents, notices and filings have been complied with;

(v) Its obligations under this Agreement and any other document relating hereto or thereto to which it is a party constitute its legal, valid and binding obligations, enforceable in accordance with their respective terms;

(vi) There is not pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it any action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity or before any court, tribunal, governmental body, agency or official or any arbitrator that is likely to affect the legality, validity or enforceability against it of this Agreement or any other document relating hereto to which it is a party or its ability to perform its obligations under the same;

[*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

(vii) There is not pending or, to its knowledge, threatened against it any action, suit or proceeding at law or in equity or before any court, tribunal, governmental body, agency or official or any arbitrator related to the violation of the Intellectual Property Rights of a third party related to the subject matter of this Agreement; and

(viii) It is not relying upon any representations of the other party other than those expressly set forth in this Agreement or any other document relating hereto.

8.2 HSWI’s Representations and Warranties. HSWI hereby represents and warrants that it has all applicable rights in and to the HSWI Websites and the HSWI Websites do not and will not infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of any third persons.

8.3 World Book’s Representations and Warranties. World Book hereby represents and warrants that:

(i) it has all applicable rights in and to the Content and the Content does not and will not infringe or misappropriate any Intellectual Property Rights of any third persons;

(ii) it will perform all services in a professional, diligent, and workmanlike manner;

(iii) the Content will be free from material errors or inaccuracies;

(iv) the Content will comply with all laws and regulations of the People’s Republic of China, including without limitation for distribution, publication and educational use as contemplated herein; and,

(v) the Content as delivered by World Book is expressly approved by or within the applicable guidelines of the national government, any ministries, and provincial governments, as applicable, of the People’s Republic of China for distribution, publication and education use as contemplated herein. In the event of a breach of the foregoing warranties, and without limitation to any other remedies of HSWI, World Book shall promptly remedy the breach at no additional cost or expense to HSWI.

8.4 Disclaimer. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT, NEITHER PARTY MAKES

THE ACCURACY OR COMPLETENESS OF THE CONTENT. TO THE FULL EXTENT ALLOWED

9.1 HSWI HSWI hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless World Book and its officers, directors, agents, and employees from all costs, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of: (a) any third party claim or action alleging that any of the following infringe or misappropriate the Intellectual Property Rights of a third party: (i) the HSWI Websites or the HSWI trade dress utilized in the Display of the Content on the HSWI Websites; (ii) any Translated Content; or (iii) any HSWI Modifications and any World Book Derivatives independently created by or on behalf of HSWI; and/or (b) any third party claim or action arising out of HSWI’s material breach of this Agreement; provided that (i) World Book notifies HSWI promptly in writing of any such threat, claim, and/or proceedings related thereto; (ii) HSWI is given the opportunity to assume sole control over the defense and all related settlement negotiations, except that World Book shall have sole authority over approval of any settlement that admits fault or liability on the part of World Book; and, (iii) World Book provides HSWI with all reasonably necessary assistance, information and authority to perform the foregoing at HSW’s expense. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, the indemnity under this Section shall not apply to the extent the Content provided by World Book, or any accurate translation, contributes or results in an infringement or misappropriation of the Intellectual Property Rights of a third party.

9.2 World Book. World Book hereby agrees to defend, indemnify and hold harmless HSWI, its Affiliates, and their officers, directors, agents, employees, advertisers, service providers, end users and related entities from all costs, damages, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) arising out of: (a) any third party claim or action alleging that the Content, Affinities and Images (excluding any World Book Derivatives independently created by or on behalf of HSWI) in the manner delivered by World Book or as contemplated for HSWI’s use hereunder infringes or misappropriates any Intellectual Property Rights of any third party; and/or (b) any third party claim or action arising out of World Book’s material breach of this Agreement; provided that: (i) HSWI notifies World Book promptly in writing of any such threat, claim, and/or proceedings related thereto; (ii) World Book is given the opportunity to assume sole control over the defense and all related settlement negotiations, except that HSWI shall have sole authority over approval of any settlement that admits fault or liability on the part of HSWI; and, (iii) HSWI provides World Book with all reasonably necessary assistance, information and authority to perform the foregoing at World Book’s expense.

10.1 EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY’S VIOLATION OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS AND FOR EITHER PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE UNDER

10.2 EXCEPT FOR EITHER PARTY’S VIOLATION OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OBLIGATIONS AND FOR EITHER PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS, IN NO EVENT WILL EITHER PARTY BE

PROFITS, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS BASED ON BREACH OF CONTRACT,

OTHERWISE AND EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.

11.1 Force Majeure. In the event that either party is unable to perform any of its obligations under this Agreement or to enjoy any of its benefits because of any event beyond the control of the affected party including, but not limited to, natural disaster, acts of God, actions or decrees of governmental bodies or failure of communication lines (a “Force Majeure Event”), the party who has been so affected shall promptly give written notice to the other party and shall use commercially reasonable efforts to resume performance. Upon receipt of such notice, all obligations under this Agreement shall be immediately suspended for the duration of such Force Majeure Event.

11.2 Notice. All notices, demands, requests or other communications required or permitted under this Agreement will be deemed given when (i) personally delivered; (ii) upon receipt after being sent by registered

U.S. mail, return receipt requested; or (iii) upon receipt after being sent by commercial overnight carrier service with tracking capabilities to the address of the party set forth below, or such other address as such party last provided to the other party by written notice. World Book, Inc. 233 North Michigan Avenue Suite 2000 Chicago, IL 60601 Attn: Chief Financial Officer

11.3 Waiver. Failure to enforce any term of this Agreement at any time for any period shall not be construed as a waiver of such rights. No waiver shall be valid against any party hereto unless made in writing and signed by the party against whom enforcement of such waiver is sought and then only to the extent expressly specified therein.

11.4 Amendments. No changes or modifications to any provision of this Agreement shall be effective unless made in writing and signed by both parties.

11.5 Severability. In the event any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement shall for any reason be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall be unimpaired and the parties will substitute a new enforceable provision of like economic intent and effect.

11.6 Governing Law. This Agreement, the rights and obligations of the parties hereto, and any claims or disputes thereto, shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York without reference to conflict of law principles. Venue for any proceedings not subject to arbitration under this Agreement shall be in the state and federal courts located in New York, New York.

11.7 Arbitration. If any dispute arises under this Agreement that is not settled promptly in the ordinary course of business, the Parties shall seek to resolve any such dispute between them; first, by negotiating promptly with each other in face-to-face negotiations. Any controversy or claim arising out of or relating to the interpretation, enforcement or breach of this Agreement that cannot be resolved within fifteen (15) business days (or such period as the Parties shall otherwise agree) through face-to-face negotiations shall be resolved by binding arbitration in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. Arbitration shall be by a single arbitrator mutually acceptable to the parties and experienced in the matters at issue and selected by the Parties in accordance with the Commercial Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association. If the parties are unable to agree upon a single arbitrator, each party shall select an arbitrator and the two arbitrators shall select the third arbitrator. The arbitration shall only be held in New York, New York. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final and binding and may be enforced in any court having jurisdiction over the subject matter or either of the Parties, except that each party reserves all rights of appeal. The arbitrator(s) shall determine to what extent each of the Parties shall bear the costs and expenses incurred in connection with any such arbitration proceeding (including reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses) on the basis of the arbitrator’s assessment of the relative merits of the Parties’ positions.

11.8 Assignment. Except as set forth herein, the parties shall not have any right or ability to assign, transfer, or sublicense any obligations or benefit under this Agreement without the prior written consent of the other party, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, except that, upon written notice to the other party, a party

(i) may assign and transfer this Agreement and its rights and obligations hereunder to any third party who succeeds to substantially all its business, stock, or assets related to this Agreement, including, without limitation, to a Competitor (as defined below) (an “Acquisition”); and (ii) may assign or transfer any rights to receive payments hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, attached as Attachment C is a list of companies (the “Competitors”) to whom assignment of this Agreement outside of an Acquisition may be made only with prior written consent of the other party, which the other party may withhold at its sole discretion. Such list of Competitors may be modified from time to time by notice to and approval of the other party, not to be unreasonably withheld. In the event of an assignment of this Agreement in connection with an Acquisition of HSWI by any party other than a Competitor, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, such acquiring party’s license to the Content shall be expanded, to the extent the licenses are available, to include also such acquiring party’s paid subscription site(s) (if any) so long as: (i) such acquiring party’s paid subscription site(s) are not primarily marketed to the school and/or library market; and (ii) such Content is not provided to any Competitor or Competitor II; and (iii) the Royalties shall also be calculated as the applicable defined percentage of the Net Revenues received by HSWI from subscription fees generated on the paid-subscription websites where the Content is Displayed. In addition, in the event of an Acquisition of HSWI by a Competitor of World Book, in no event shall the Content be provided to such Competitor or to any Competitor II. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to prevent an Acquisition of HSWI by any party, including without limitation a Competitor.

11.9 Additional Actions and Documents. Each of the parties hereto hereby agrees to take or cause to be taken such further actions, to execute, deliver and file or cause to be executed, delivered and filed such further documents, and will obtain such consents, as may be necessary or as may be reasonably requested in order to fully effectuate the purposes, terms and conditions of this Agreement. However, in no case will World Book be required to execute any lien UCC documentation for public filing.

11.10 Headings. Section headings contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience or reference only, shall not in no way affect the interpretation of any of the provisions herein.

11.11 Independent Contractors. Notwithstanding any provision hereof, for purposes of this Agreement, each party shall be and act as an independent contractor and not as a partner, a joint venturer, or an agent of the other party, and shall not bind nor attempt to bind the other party in any way without prior written consent.

11.12 Survival. Sections 1, 2, 3, 4, 6.1(ii), 6.3, 6.4, 6.5, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11 shall survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement for any reason.

11.13 Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including all Attachments hereto, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes all proposals, oral or written, all negotiations, conversations, discussions, or agreements between the parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement and all past dealing or industry custom. [Signatures Follow On Next Page]

Attachment A List of HSWI Affiliates Attachment B List of Competitors II Attachment C List of Competitors Schedule A Taxonomy Schedule Schedule B Article Schedule Schedule C Format and Delivery Schedule Schedule D Updating Format Schedule E World Book Brand Translation Source: REMARK HOLDINGS, INC., 10-Q, 11/14/2008 Attachment A

11.[*] [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

World Book Competitors ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] ·[*] [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

[*] [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

The topics for the Articles include the following, which may be expanded upon. [*] [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

To Be Determined Source: REMARK HOLDINGS, INC., 10-Q, 11/14/2008 Schedule D

Updating Services shall be provided in the following or substantially similar format, e-mailed by World Book to an address or addresses specified by HSWI. Data for such will be provided, expressed as [*], in the form [*], or as World Book [*], in order by World Book [*]. [*] [*] [*] [*] [*] [*] [*] [*] [*] [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

[*] [*] Confidential treatment requested; certain information omitted and filed separately with the SEC.

& VIRTUOSO SURGICAL, INC. JHU Agreement: A29889 Source: VIRTUOSO SURGICAL, INC., 1-A, 12/27/2019 1 May 3, 2016

This Non-Exclusive License Agreement (hereinafter “Agreement”) is entered into by and between The Johns Hopkins University (hereinafter “JHU”), a corporation of the State of Maryland, having a principal place of business 3400 N. Charles Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21218- 2695 and, Virtuoso Surgical, Inc. (hereinafter “Company”), a Tennessee corporation having an address at 5701 Old Harding Pike; Suite 200; Nashville, TN 37205. The parties hereto agree as follows:

1.1 In the course of a fundamental research program at JHU, a valuable invention entitled Active Cannulas for Bio-Sensing and Surgical Intervention (JHU Ref. C04873) was developed by Drs. Robert Webster, III, Noah Cowan, Allison Okamura, and Russell Taylor (hereinafter “Inventors”).

1.2 JHU has acquired all right, title and interest, with the exception of certain retained rights by the United States government, in said invention but is without the capacity to commercially develop, manufacture and distribute products and methods which embody the invention.

1.3 Company is interested in providing such commercial products and methods to third parties on a non-exclusive basis and agrees to comply with the terms and conditions in this Agreement.

1.4 All references to particular Exhibits or Paragraphs shall mean the Exhibits to, and Paragraphs of, this Agreement, unless otherwise specified.

2.1 “EFFECTIVE DATE” of this Agreement shall mean the date the last party hereto has executed this Agreement.

2.3 “LICENSED PRODUCT(S)” as used herein in either singular or plural shall mean any material, compositions, or other product, the manufacture, use or sale of which would constitute, but for the license granted to Company pursuant to this Agreement, an infringement of a claim of PATENT RIGHT(S) (infringement shall include, but is not limited to, direct, contributory, or inducement to infringe).

2.4 “LICENSED SERVICE(S)” as used herein in either singular or plural shall mean the performance on behalf of a third party of any method including cannulated surgical intervention or the manufacture of any product or the use of any product which would constitute, but for the license granted to Company pursuant to this Agreement, an infringement of a claim of the PATENT RIGHT(S), (infringement shall include, but not be limited to, direct, contributory or inducement to infringe).

2.5 “NET SALES” shall mean gross sales revenues and fees billed by Company from the sale of LICENSED PRODUCT(S) less trade discounts allowed, refunds, returns and recalls, and sales taxes. In the event that Company sells a LICENSED PRODUCT(S) in combination with other ingredients or substances or as part of a kit, the NET SALES for purposes of royalty payments shall be based on the sales revenues and fees received from the entire combination or kit.

2.6 “NET SERVICE REVENUES” shall mean gross service revenues and fees billed by Company for the performance of LICENSED SERVICE(S) less sales and/or use taxes imposed upon and with specific reference to the LICENSED SERVICE(S). In the event that Company sells a LICENSED SERVICE(S) in combination with other services or substances or as part of a kit, the NET SERVICE REVENUES for purposes of royalty payments shall be based on the sales revenues and fees received from the entire combination.

2.7 “PATENT RIGHT(S)” shall mean, collectively, JHU’s interest in those set forth in EXHIBIT C of this Agreement and the inventions disclosed and claimed therein, and all continuations, divisions, and reissues based thereof, and any corresponding foreign patent applications, and any patents, or other equivalent foreign PATENT RIGHT(S) issuing, granted or registered thereon.

3.1 License Granted: Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and to non-exclusive license agreements executed prior to the EFFECTIVE DATE, JHU hereby grants to the Company a non-exclusive, non-transferable license to make, have made, import, offer for sale and sell the LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and the LICENSED SERVICE(S) in the United States and worldwide under the PATENT RIGHT(S) in the LICENSED FIELD.

3.2 No Sublicensing: Company shall not sublicense to others under this Agreement, nor extend the rights granted hereunder to any affiliated company.

4.1 License Fee: As consideration for JHU’s grant of a License to Company under this Agreement, Company shall pay to JHU a license fee, cash and equity, as set forth in Exhibit A within thirty (30) days of the EFFECTIVE DATE. The license fee is nonrefundable and shall not be credited against royalties or other fees.

4.2 Minimum Annual Royalties: Company shall pay to JHU minimum annual royalties as set forth in Exhibit A. These minimum annual royalties shall be due within thirty (30) days of each anniversary of the EFFECTIVE DATE beginning with the first anniversary. Running royalties accrued under Paragraph 4.3 and paid to JHU during the one year period preceding an anniversary of the EFFECTIVE DATE shall be credited against the minimum annual royalties due on that anniversary date.

4.3 Running Royalties: Company shall pay to JHU, a running royalty as set forth in Exhibit A, for each LICENSED PRODUCT(S) sold and each LICENSED SERVICE(S) provided, based upon NET SALES and NET SERVICE REVENUES respectively, for the term of this Agreement. Such payments shall be made within thirty (30) days of the end of each calendar quarter following first commercial sale of LICENSED PRODUCT or providing LICENSED SERVICES. All non-US taxes related to LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and LICENSED SERVICE(S) sold under this Agreement shall be paid by Company and shall not be deducted from royalty or other payments due to JHU.

4.4 Reporting and Payments: Upon achieving first commercial sale of LICENSED PRODUCTS and LICENSED SERVICES, Company shall provide a quarterly royalty report, substantially in the format of Exhibit B, accompanying each royalty payment as required in Paragraph 4.3. Royalty reports shall disclose the amount of LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and LICENSED SERVICE(S) sold, the total NET SALES and NET SERVICE REVENUES of such LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and LICENSED SERVICE(S), and the running royalties due to JHU as a result of NET SALES and NET SERVICE REVENUES by Company. In lieu of sending quarterly royalty reports to JHU via mail or courier, Company may provide all required reports in electronic format to the email address specified by JHU.

4.5 Late Payments: In the event that any payment due hereunder is not made when due, the payment shall accrue interest beginning on the tenth day following the due date thereof, calculated at the annual rate of six percent (6%), the interest being compounded on the last day of each calendar year. Each such royalty payment when made shall be accompanied by all interest so accrued. Said interest and the payment and acceptance thereof shall not negate or waive the right of JHU to seek any other remedy, legal or equitable, to which it may be entitled because of the delinquency of any payment.

4.6 Records: The Company shall make and retain, for a period of three (3) years following the period of each report required by Paragraph 4.4, true and accurate records, files and books of account containing all the data reasonably required for the full computation and verification of sales and other information required in Paragraph 4.4. Such books and records shall be in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied. The Company shall permit the inspection and copying of such records, files and books of account by JHU or its agents during regular business hours upon ten (10) business days’ written notice to the Company. Such inspection shall not be made more than once each calendar year. All costs of such inspection and copying shall be paid by JHU, provided that if any such inspection shall reveal that an error has been made in the amount equal to five percent (5%) or more of such payment, such costs shall be borne by the Company.

4.7 Non-Arms Length Transactions: In order to insure JHU the full royalty payments contemplated hereunder, the Company agrees that in the event any LICENSED PRODUCT(S) shall be sold to an affiliated company or to a corporation, firm or association with which Company shall have any agreement, understanding or arrangement with respect to consideration (such as, among other things, an option to purchase stock or actual stock ownership, or an arrangement involving division of profits or special rebates or allowances) the royalties to be paid hereunder for such LICENSED PRODUCT(S) shall be based upon the greater of: 1) the net selling price at which the purchaser of LICENSED PRODUCT(S) resells such product to the end user, 2) the NET SERVICE REVENUE received from using the LICENSED PRODUCT(S) in providing a service, 3) the fair market value of the LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or 4) the net selling price of LICENSED PRODUCT(S) paid by the purchaser.

4.8 Method of Payment: All payments under this Agreement shall be made in U.S. Dollars by either check or wire transfer.

4.9 Payment Information. All check payments from Company to JHU shall be sent to: Director Johns Hopkins Technology Ventures The Johns Hopkins University 100 N. Charles Street, 5th Floor Baltimore, MD 21201 Reference: JHU Agreement A29889 or such other addresses which JHU may designate in writing from time to time. Checks are to be made payable to “The Johns Hopkins University”. Wire transfers may be made through: ACH for U.S. Payments Johns Hopkins University Central Lockbox Bank of America 1400 Best Plaza Drive Richmond, VA 23227 Transit/routing/ABA number: 052001633 Account number: Type of account: depository CTX format is preferred; CCD+ is also accepted Reference: JHU Tech Transfer (JHU Agreement A29889) FED WIRE for International Payments Johns Hopkins University Central Lockbox Bank of America 100 West 33rd Street New York, NY 10001 SWIFT code: BOFAUS3N Account number: Type of account: depository

4.10 Invoices. Any invoice for payment sent by JHU to Company may be electronically provided by e-mail service. JHU will send invoices to an e-mail address provided by Company. Company will provide JHU with any updates to this e-mail address.

5.1 Prosecution & Maintenance: JHU, at its sole option and discretion, shall file, prosecute and maintain all patents and patent applications specified under PATENT RIGHT(S). Title to all such patents and patent applications shall reside in JHU. JHU shall have full and complete control over all patent matters in connection therewith under the PATENT RIGHT(S).

5.2 Right to Enforce: JHU shall have the first right to enforce the PATENT RIGHTS against any infringement or alleged infringement thereof in the LICENSED FIELD OF USE.

6.1 Expiration: This term of this Agreement shall commence on the EFFECTIVE DATE and shall continue, in each country, until the date of expiration of the last to expire patent within PATENT RIGHT(S) in that country.

6.2 Termination by Company: Company may terminate this Agreement and the license granted herein, for any reason, upon giving JHU sixty (60) days written notice under Paragraph 8.1.

6.3 Termination by JHU: JHU, at its option, may terminate this Agreement and the license granted herein if Company has not made any sales of LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S) in any period of four consecutive quarters, after the initial commercial sale of the PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S).

6.4 Unpaid Royalty/Reversion of Rights: Termination or expiration of this Agreement shall not affect JHU’s right to recover unpaid royalties accrued prior to termination or expiration. Upon termination or expiration of this Agreement, all rights in and to the licensed technology shall revert to JHU at no cost to JHU.

6.5 Survival: All applicable provisions, including but not limited to Paragraphs 4.1 (License Fee), 9.3 (Severability), 9.4 (Use of Name),

9.6 (Disclaimer of Warranties), 9.7 (Indemnification), 9.8 (Product Liability), 9.13 (Binding Effect) and 9.14 (Governing Law) shall survive termination or expiration of this Agreement.

7.1 Default & Termination: Upon breach or default of any term or condition of this Agreement by either party, the defaulting party shall be given written notice of such default in writing by the party not in default. The defaulting party shall have a period of sixty

(60) days after receipt of such notice to correct the default or breach. If the default or breach is not corrected within said sixty (60) day period, the party not in default shall have the right to terminate this Agreement.

8.1 Notice Information: All notices and/or other communications pertaining to this Agreement shall be in writing and sent by registered mail or certified mail, return receipt requested, or sent by overnight courier, such as Federal Express, to the parties at the following addresses or such other address as such party shall have furnished in writing to the other party in accordance with this Paragraph 8.1: FOR JHU: Director Johns Hopkins Technology Ventures The Johns Hopkins University 100 N. Charles Street, 5th Floor Baltimore, MD 21201 Reference: JHU Agreement A29889 FOR Company: VIRTUOSO SURGICAL, INC. 5701 Old Harding Pike; Suite 200 Nashville, TN 37205

9.1 Audit: JHU shall have the right to audit any and all Company records related to this Agreement.

9.2 Assignment: This Agreement is binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of JHU, its successors and assignees and shall not be assignable to another party, except that the Company shall have the right to assign this Agreement to another party in the case of the sale or transfer by the Company of all, or substantially all, of its assets relating to the LICENSED PRODUCT(S), LICENSED SERVICE(S) or PATENT RIGHT(S), to that party.

9.3 Severability: In the event that any one or more of the provisions of this Agreement should for any reason be held by any court or authority having jurisdiction over this Agreement, or over any of the parties hereto to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, such provision or provisions shall be reformed to approximate as nearly as possible the intent of the parties, and if unreformable, shall be divisible and deleted in such jurisdictions; elsewhere, this Agreement shall not be affected.

9.4 Use of Name: The Company shall not use the name of The Johns Hopkins University or The Johns Hopkins Health System or any of its constituent parts, such as the Johns Hopkins Hospital or any contraction thereof or the name of Inventors in any advertising, promotional, sales literature or fundraising documents without prior written consent from an authorized representative of JHU. Company shall allow at least seven (7) business days notice of any proposed public disclosure for JHU’s review and comment or to provide written consent.

9.5 Duties of the Parties: JHU is not a commercial organization. It is an institute of research and education. Therefore, JHU has no ability to evaluate the commercial potential of any PATENT RIGHT(S), LICENSED PRODUCT(S), LICENSED SERVICE(S) or other license or rights granted in this Agreement. It is therefore incumbent upon Company to evaluate the rights and products in question, to examine the materials and information provided by JHU, and to determine for itself the validity of any PATENT RIGHT(S), its freedom to operate, and the value of any LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S) or other rights granted.

9.6 Disclaimer of Warranties: JHU does not warrant the validity of any patents or that the practice under such patents, or the manufacture, use, sale or import of LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S), shall be free from patent infringement. EXCEPT AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH IN THIS PARAGRAPH 9.6, COMPANY AGREES THAT THE PATENT RIGHT(S) ARE PROVIDED “AS IS”, AND THAT JHU MAKES NO REPRESENTATION OR WARRANTY WITH RESPECT TO THE

COMMERCIAL VIABILITY. JHU DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO LICENSED PRODUCTS AND LICENSED

MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION OF

DAMAGES, ATTORNEYS’ AND EXPERTS’ FEES, AND COURT COSTS (EVEN IF JHU HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, FEES OR COSTS), ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MANUFACTURE, USE, OR SALE OF THE LICENSED PRODUCTS AND LICENSED SERVICES UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. COMPANY ASSUMES

9.7 Indemnification: JHU and the Inventors will have no legal liability exposure to third parties if JHU does not license the LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and LICENSED SERVICE(S), and any royalties JHU and the Inventors may receive is not adequate compensation for such legal liability exposure. Therefore, JHU requires Company to protect JHU and Inventors from such exposure to the same manner and extent to which insurance, if available, would protect JHU and Inventors. JHU and the Inventors will not, under the provisions of this Agreement or otherwise, have control over the manner in which Company or those operating for its account or third parties who purchase LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S) from any of the foregoing entities, practice the inventions of LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and LICENSED SERVICE(S). The Company shall indemnify, defend with counsel reasonably acceptable to JHU, and hold JHU, The Johns Hopkins Health Systems, their representatives including but not limited to present and former, trustees, officers, Inventors, agents, faculty, employees and students harmless as against any judgments, fees, expenses, or other costs arising from or incidental to any product liability or other lawsuit, claim, demand or other action brought as a consequence of the practice of said inventions by any of the foregoing entities, whether or not JHU or said Inventors, either jointly or severally, is/are named as a party defendant in any such lawsuit. Practice of the inventions covered by LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S) by an agent or a third party on behalf of or for the account of the Company, or by a third party who purchases LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S) from the Company, shall be considered the Company’s practice of said inventions for purposes of this Paragraph 9.7. The obligation of the Company to defend and indemnify as set out in this Paragraph 9.7 shall survive the termination of this Agreement and shall not be limited by any other limitation of liability elsewhere in the Agreement.

9.8 Product Liability: Prior to first commercial sale of any LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S) as the case may be in any particular country, Company shall establish and maintain, in each country in which Company shall sell LICENSED PRODUCT(S) or LICENSED SERVICE(S), product liability or other appropriate insurance coverage appropriate to the risks involved in marketing LICENSED PRODUCT(S) and/or LICENSED SERVICE(S) and will annually present evidence to JHU that such coverage is being maintained. Upon JHU’s request, Company will furnish JHU with a Certificate of Insurance of each product liability insurance policy obtained. JHU shall be listed as an additional insured in Company’s said insurance policies. If such Product Liability insurance is underwritten on a ‘claims made’ basis, Company agrees that any change in underwriters during the term of this Agreement will require the purchase of ‘prior acts’ coverage to ensure that coverage will be continuous throughout the term of this Agreement.

9.9 Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the obligations of the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof, and supersedes and replaces all prior agreements, understandings, writings, and discussions between the parties relating to said subject matter.

9.10 Amendment & Waiver: This Agreement may be amended and any of its terms or conditions may be waived only by a written instrument executed by the authorized officials of the parties or, in the case of a waiver, by the party waiving compliance. The failure of either party at any time or times to require performance of any provision hereof shall in no manner affect its right at a later time to enforce the same. No waiver by either party of any condition or term in any one or more instances shall be construed as a further or continuing waiver of such condition or term or of any other condition or term.

9.11 Binding Effect: This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of and be enforceable by the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns.

9.12 Governing Law: This Agreement shall be construed, and legal relations between the parties hereto shall be determined, in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland applicable to contracts solely executed and wholly to be performed within the State of Maryland without giving effect to the principles of conflicts of laws. Any disputes between the parties to the Agreement shall be brought in the state or federal courts of Maryland. Both parties agree to waive their right to a jury trial.

9.13 Headings: Article headings are for convenient reference and are not a part of this Agreement. All Exhibits are incorporated herein by this reference.

9.14 Use of Name: Nothing contained in this Agreement confers any right to either party hereto to use in advertising, publicity, or other promotional activities any name, trade name, trademark, or other designation of the other party hereto (including any contraction, abbreviation or simulation of any of the foregoing). Unless otherwise required by law, LICENSEE is prohibited from using the name “The Johns Hopkins University” or the name of any affiliate of the Johns Hopkins University, including but not limited to The Johns Hopkins Health System Corporation, or any of its hospitals or affiliates, or the names of any of their respective faculty, employees, students or INVENTORS, in advertising, publicity, or other promotional activities, without JHU’s prior written approval of such use. JHU may disclose to all INVENTORS the terms and conditions of this Agreement upon their request. JHU may acknowledge to third parties the existence of this Agreement and the extent of the licenses granted to LICENSEE and AFFILIATES under Section 3 hereof, but JHU shall not disclose the financial terms of this Agreement to third parties, except where JHU is required by law to do so. LICENSEE hereby grants JHU permission to include LICENSEE’s name and a link to LICENSEE’s website in JHU’s annual reports and on JHU’s website to showcase technology transfer-related stories. JHU shall have the right to list LICENSEE and display the logotype or symbol of LICENSEE on JHU’s website and on JHU publications as a licensee startup company based upon JHU technology.

By: /s/ Neil Veloso By: /s/ C. Mark Pickrell Neil Veloso Name:C. Mark Pickrell Executive Director Title: Attorney-in-Fact Johns Hopkins Technology Ventures Date:5/11/2016 Date::5/4/2016 Source: VIRTUOSO SURGICAL, INC., 1-A, 12/27/2019 11 May 3, 2016

1.1 The license fee due under Paragraph 4.1 is two-thousand dollars ($2000).

1.2 In addition, COMPANY shall issue to JHU that number of shares of common stock representing five percent (5%) of the outstanding common and preferred shares on a fully diluted basis of COMPANY pursuant to an agreed upon stock purchase agreement between COMPANY and JHU. The stock purchase agreement shall contain provisions protecting JHU against dilution of its equity interest in the event the post-money valuation of any equity investment is less than two million dollars ($2,000,000), and it will also contain a provision for the piggy-back registration of common shares with any other class of stock in an initial public offering. If COMPANY proposes to sell any equity securities or securities that are convertible into equity securities of COMPANY (collectively, “Equity Securities”) in any new round of financing, then COMPANY shall offer JHU and/or its Assignee (as defined below) an opportunity to purchase either:

(i) up to that portion of the Equity Securities that equals JHU’s then current, fully-diluted percentage ownership interest in COMPANY, or

(ii) if the percentage offered for sale by COMPANY is less, then up to five percent (5%) of the Equity Securities offered for sale. Such offer to purchase shall be on the same terms and conditions as are offered with respect to such Equity Securities sold in such financing. For purposes of this section 7 of Exhibit A, the term “Assignee” means: (a) any entity to which JHU’s preemptive rights have been assigned either by JHU or by another entity, or (b) any entity that is controlled by JHU.

2.1 Annual Earned Royalty. COMPANY shall pay an annual EARNED ROYALTY as follows:

1.1 Four percent (4%) of the sum of NET REVENUES.

2.2 Royalty Stacking. If COMPANY is required to pay running royalties on any patent rights not licensed hereunder (“Other Royalties”) in order to make, use or sell a particular LICENSED PRODUCT or LICENSED SERVICE, COMPANY shall be entitled to credit half (50%) of such Other Royalties against the Earned Royalty due, but the Earned Royalties shall not be reduced below fifty percent (50%) of those that would otherwise be due JHU for that LICENSED PRODUCT or LICENSED SERVICE.

2.3 Least Developed Countries. EARNED ROYALTY shall not be due and payable to JHU on NET REVENUES generated from: (i) LICENSED PRODUCTS sold in Least Developed Countries as defined by the United Nations Country Classification in the most recent United Nations’ publication “Statistical Annex” (“LEAST DEVELOPED COUNTRIES”); or (ii) LICENSED PRODUCTS sold to the Public Sector providing LICENSED PRODUCTS at a Cost-Based Price in such Least Developed Countries, but only if COMPANY sells such LICENSED PRODUCTS at COMPANY’s cost of production thereof.

3.1 The minimum annual royalties pursuant to the Agreement are: 1st anniversary of the EFFECTIVE DATE and each subsequent anniversary of the EFFECTIVE DATE during the term: Three-thousand dollars ($3000)

3.2 Earned Royalties payable for each calendar year are creditable on a non-cumulative basis against MINIMUM ANNUAL ROYALTIES for that year only.

4.1 COMPANY will pay JHU a fee equal one percent (1%) of the Aggregate Consideration received by the COMPANY, or the total amount received by stockholders of COMPANY, upon the occurrence of a Liquidity Event. Such fee shall be paid after only the first to occur of either a Liquidation Event or an Initial Public Offering. The respective fees, when and if payable, shall be paid upon closing; except that if there are additional contingent amounts (“Trailing Consideration”) payable upon the occurrence of subsequent events, then the Trailing Consideration shall be due and payable to JHU within thirty (30) days after receipt thereof by COMPANY.

4.2 For a Liquidity Event, the fee required under Section 4.1 of this Exhibit A above shall be payable to JHU by COMPANY in the same form as the proceeds paid or payable to either COMPANY or its security holders, whether in cash, securities or other property, and in the same proportion as such form of consideration is paid or payable to COMPANY or its security holders. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event the form of consideration paid or payable includes securities for which there is not an active public market, in lieu of paying that portion of the fee with such securities COMPANY will make a cash payment to JHU equal to the fair market value of such securities. The valuation of such securities shall be determined in accordance with the definition of “Aggregate Consideration” set forth below.

4.3 For an Initial Public Offering, the fee shall be payable in the form of cash, and shall be based upon the Pre Money Valuation.

4.1 In the case of an Asset Sale, the sum of: (a) all cash, and the fair market value of all securities or other property transferred to COMPANY at the time of the transaction, less all current and long-term liabilities (but not contingent liabilities) of COMPANY that are not discharged or assumed by the buyer (or its affiliates) in connection with the Asset Sale; and (b) all cash, and the fair market value of all securities and other property for Trailing Consideration payable to COMPANY, when and if actually paid; or

4.2 In the case of a Merger or Stock Sale, the sum of: (a) all cash, and the fair market value of all securities and other property transferred to the stockholders of COMPANY (and any option holders or warrant holders) in return for their stock (or options or warrants) in COMPANY at the time of the transaction, and (b) all cash, and the fair market value of all securities and other property transferred to the stockholders of COMPANY (and any option holders or warrant holders) for Trailing Consideration payable to the holders of COMPANY’s securities, when and if actually paid.

4.3 The valuation of any securities or other property shall be determined by reference to the operative transaction agreement for a respective Merger, Stock Sale or Asset Sale, provided that, if no such valuation is readily determinable from such operative transaction agreement, then for securities for which there is an active public market:

(a) If traded on a securities exchange or the NASDAQ Stock Market, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing prices of the securities on such exchange or market over the thirty day (30) period ending three

(3) days prior to the closing of such transaction; or

(b) If actively traded over-the-counter, the value shall be deemed to be the average of the closing bid prices over the thirty day (30) period ending three (3) days prior to the closing of such transaction.

(c) The method of valuation of securities subject to investment letters or other similar restrictions on free marketability shall take into account an appropriate discount from the market value as determined pursuant to clause (a) or (b) above so as to reflect the approximate fair market value thereof.

(d) For securities for which there is no active public market, the value shall be the fair market value thereof as either: (i) determined in good faith by the Board of Directors of COMPANY; (ii) approved by JHU, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld; or (iii) determined by a third party appraiser appointed and paid for by COMPANY.

4.5 “Pre-Money Valuation” means the amount equal to the product of: (i) the price per share of common stock sold in the Initial Public Offering, and (ii) the total number of outstanding shares of common stock of COMPANY immediately prior to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, determined on a fully diluted, as converted into common stock basis, giving effect to any stock split, stock dividend, stock combination, recapitalization or similar action impacting COMPANY’s capitalization that occurs, or is deemed to occur, upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering.

VIRTUOSO SURGICAL, INC. AND THE JOHNS HOPKINS UNIVERSITY EFFECTIVE DATE OF AGREEMENT _________________ FOR PERIOD OF _________ TO _________ TOTAL ROYALTIES DUE FOR THIS PERIOD$_________

ID NO. NAME NO. SALE DATE SALES/SERVICES RATE DUE * Please provide the JHU Ref. C04873 This report format is to be used to report quarterly royalty statements to JHU. It should be placed on Company letterhead and accompany any royalty payments due for the reporting period. This report shall be submitted even if no sales are reported.

JHU Ref Technology Title Inventors Country/# Number C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura Japan Intervention Noah J. Cowan 2008-541319 Robert James Webster, III Russell H. Taylor C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura European Patent Office Intervention Noah J. Cowan 06844376.1 Robert James Webster, III Russell H. Taylor C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura Canada Intervention Noah J. Cowan 2,630,061 Robert James Webster, III Russell H. Taylor C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura Japan Intervention Noah J. Cowan 2012-139088 Robert James Webster, III 5550682 Russell H. Taylor C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura Japan Intervention Noah J. Cowan 2015-094824 Robert James Webster, III Russell H. Taylor C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura Japan Intervention Noah J. Cowan 2014-000372 Robert James Webster, III Russell H. Taylor C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura China Intervention Noah J. Cowan 200680050046.8 Robert James Webster, III ZL 200680050046.8 Russell H. Taylor C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura United States Intervention Noah J. Cowan 8,152,756 Robert James Webster, III Russell H. Taylor C04873 Active Cannulas for Bio-sensing and Surgical Allison M. Okamura United States Intervention Noah J. Cowan 8,715,226 Robert James Webster, III Russell H. Taylor Source: VIRTUOSO SURGICAL, INC., 1-A, 12/27/2019

Exhibit 10.1 Oceanic Time Warner Cable and Watchit Media Content and License Agreement Effective Dates: September 1, 2006, August 31, 2007 Watchit agrees to provide Oceanic Time Warner Cable the following content: – Watchit Gaming Guides – Lunchtime with Ira segments every week Watchit will provide the content on BetaSp format and reserves the right to modify the content to reflect sponsorship by an advertiser and advertisers. Oceanic Time Warner Cable agrees to not edit or modify the above content. Oceanic Time Warner Cable will use the content solely on channel 777, the Las Vegas channel. In the event that Oceanic Time Warner Cable removes the above content and or terminates this agreement prior to December 31, 2006, Oceanic Time Warner Cable agrees to pay a cancellation fee of Five Thousand Dollars ($5,000) per month multiplied by the number of months remain on the agreement. Watchit shall have the exclusive right to sell third party advertising as sponsors of their content and will have the right to brand the content under the Watchit brand and place a “bug” on the screen identifying the content with a Watchit trademark. Oceanic Time Warner Cable will include the following disclaimer on the Watchit Content: “The materials shown are for entertainment purposes only and does not provide any guarantees of winning or improving your odds of winning on this program. The rules of the games as shown may not apply to all properties and may change from time to time.” Ocean Time Warner Cable will provide Watchit with data on viewership to both Channel 777 and specifically to the content provided by Watchit. Ocean Time Warner Cable will be able to not include any content that it deems inappropriate or distasteful. This agreement will be in effect until the end of 2006 and will be evaluated at that time. Both parties agree to discuss use of information gathered form this arrangement before using it in any kind of promotional or public message. Accepted by:

Oceanic Time Warner Cable/Date Watchit Media/Date Source: WATCHIT MEDIA, INC., 8-K, 12/1/2006

This Content License Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of October 1, 2005 (the “Effective Date”) and is by and between Emdeon Corporation a Delaware corporation (“Emdeon”), with offices at at 669 River Drive, Center 2, Elmwood Park, New Jersey 07407 and WebMD, Inc. a Georgia Corporation (“WebMD”), with offices at 111 Eighth Avenue, New York, NY 10011. Emdeon and WebMD expressly agree that this Agreement incorporates the Terms and Conditions attached hereto. WebMD agrees to grant, and Emdeon agrees to accept, a license to use the Content (as defined below) in connection with various software products it has all right title and interest to (the “Software”) in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. Content to be provided under this Agreement is specified on Exhibit A (the “Content”). Expiration Date: August 31, 2006 AGREED TO AND ACCEPTED: WebMD, Inc. Emdeon Corporation By: By:

WebMD shall provide Content as follows: The entire set of Anatomical Line Drawings. Anatomical Line Drawings are printable line drawings intended for physicians to draw on and illustrate diseases and conditions to patients. -2- Source: WEBMD HEALTH CORP., S-1/A, 9/8/2005

Fees for the Content shall be $5,000 per year. Additional anatomical line drawings shall be licensed to Emdeon at an incremental charge of $150 per drawing. -3- Source: WEBMD HEALTH CORP., S-1/A, 9/8/2005

(a) Description. WebMD hereby agrees to provide Emdeon the Content described on Exhibit A in accordance with the terms of this Agreement.

(b) License. Subject to Emdeon’s compliance with the provisions of this Agreement, Emdeon is hereby authorized and licensed to use the Content by making such Content available to third parties verbatim or as source material via the Software. Such license is a non-exclusive, non-transferrable and worldwide license and shall include the right to use, reproduce, copy and publish the Content solely in connection with the Software. Emdeon may determine the placement and formatting of the Content in the Software, but may not change the substance of the Content to any extent whatsoever without WebMD’s written approval of the change.

(c) Updates. If WebMD should reprint, issue a new edition, change or modify the edition, or otherwise enhance or edit the Content Emdeon has licensed (collectively, “Updates”), Emdeon has the option, at no additional cost, to receive the most recent Update. WebMD shall promptly notify Emdeon when a new Update is available.

(d) Format. WebMD agrees to provide Emdeon the Content, including any Updates, in a mutually agreeable format (the “Format”). WebMD shall bear the cost of any reformatting necessary to provide the Content in the Format. Emdeon shall bear all the cost associated with the integration of the Content into the Software.

(e) WebMD retains absolute editorial control over the Content. Nothing in this Agreement shall restrict WebMD’s right to place other marks (such as third party marks) within the Content.

(f) From time to time, WebMD will provide Content that supersedes and replaces Content previously provided (for example, a corrected news article). Promptly after receipt of replacement Content, Emdeon will either (a) remove the superseded Content and replace it with the replacement Content or (b) note at the top of the superseded Content that it has been replaced and give a hypertext link to the replacement Content.

(g) WebMD does not provide medical or diagnostic advice or services. Emdeon agrees that the Content is to be used for informational and educational purposes only. Emdeon agrees that it shall not rely, or promote reliance, on the Content as a substitute for the professional judgment of a health care professional in diagnosing and treating patients.

2. Intellectual Property. As between WebMD and Emdeon, WebMD or its suppliers retain all worldwide right, title, and interest in and to the Content. All rights in the Content not expressly granted by WebMD to Emdeon are reserved to WebMD. Except as expressly provided, no rights or licenses are intended or conveyed herein, whether by implication, estoppel, or otherwise.

(a) Term. This Agreement shall be effective as of the Effective Date and shall expire on the Expiration Date set forth above (the “Initial Term”), unless earlier terminated in accordance with Section 3(b). Upon mutual agreement, this Agreement may be renewed for one (1) additional one (1) year term upon the expiration of the Initial Term.

(b) Termination. In addition to expiration of this Agreement as set forth in Section 3(a) hereof in the event either party fails to perform any of its material obligations hereunder, the other party may terminate this Agreement at its election after thirty (30) days written notice to the party of such breach, if such breach is not cured by the party within such thirty (30) day period.

(c) Survival. All representations, warranties and indemnities shall survive the execution, delivery, suspension, expiration and/or termination of this Agreement or any provision hereof. Upon any expiration or termination of this Agreement, Emdeon shall have a reasonable period of time to remove the Content from the Software.

4. Fees and Payment. -4- Source: WEBMD HEALTH CORP., S-1/A, 9/8/2005

(a) Payments. In consideration for provision of the Content and all rights granted hereunder, Emdeon hereby agreed to pay WebMD the amounts set forth on Exhibit B of this Agreement. All amounts payable shall be due be due thirty (30) days after the receipt of WebMD’s invoice.

(b) Taxes. All payments under the Agreement are exclusive of all federal, state, local and foreign taxes, levies and assessments. Emdeon agrees to bear and be responsible for the payment of all such taxes, levies and assessments imposed on WebMD arising out of this Agreement, excluding any tax based on WebMD’s net income. All fees charged hereunder by WebMD are net of any such taxes.

(c) Late payments are subject to an interest charge, at the lower rate of (i) one and one-half percent (1.5%) per month, or (ii) the maximum legal rate.

(a) Emdeon is hereby granted a non-exclusive and worldwide right to use WebMD’s trademarks and logos (“Marks”) for the purpose of identifying the origin of the Content during the term of this Agreement. These Marks may be used by Emdeon, in its sole discretion, in connection with the Content in the Software, and in any form, format, forum, media, medium, means or method by which the Content is delivered. Notwithstanding the foregoing, portions of the Software that contain Content shall include a WebMD Mark in appearance and format mutually agreed to by the parties.

6. Disclaimer. WebMD MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE CONTENT OR THE ACCURACY OF THE CONTENT. WEBMD EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING OR CUSTOM OF TRADE. IN NO EVENT WILL WEBMD OR ITS SUPPLIERS OR LICENSORS BE LIABLE UNDER

ARISING OUT OF THIS AGREEMENT, OR THE PROVISION OR USE OF CONTENT, EVEN IF WEBMD HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. WEBMD’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES, LOSSES AND CAUSES OF ACTION IN ANY WAY RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE CONTENT, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE) OR OTHERWISE, EITHER JOINTLY OR SEVERALLY, SHALL NOT EXCEED FIFTY DOLLARS ($50). THIS SECTION REFLECTS AN ALLOCATION OF RISK BETWEEN THE PARTIES, IS NOT A PENALTY, AND SHALL BE EXCLUSIVE. THIS SECTION SHALL APPLY DESPITE ANY FAILURE OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED WARRANTY OR REMEDY.

(a) Confidential Information. “Confidential Information” means any data, materials or information that is disclosed by either party to the other party during the term hereof, in oral or written form, and which is marked or otherwise reasonably identified as “confidential” or “proprietary”. Confidential Information also includes any information described in this Section which either party obtains from a third party under an obligation of confidentiality. Confidential Information does not include any data or information which the receiving party can demonstrate with competent written proof: (i) was already known to it at the time of disclosure; (ii) was independently developed by it without reference to the disclosing party’s Confidential Information; (iii) is in the public domain; (iv) was rightfully disclosed to it by a third party without obligation of confidentiality; or (v) is required to be disclosed pursuant to any statutory or regulatory authority or court order, provided the disclosing party is given prompt written notice of such requirement and the scope of such disclosure is limited to the extent possible.

(b) Trade Secrets. “Trade Secrets” shall mean Confidential Information, including but not limited to technical or non-technical data, a formula, a pattern, a compilation, a program, a device, a method, a technique, a drawing, a process, financial data, financial plans, product plans, or a list of actual or potential customers or suppliers, in any form or format, which is not commonly known by or available to the public and which: (i) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by other persons who can obtain economic value from its disclosure or use, and (ii) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy.

(c) Requirements. During the term of this Agreement and for so long as such information remains a trade secret under applicable law, neither party will, except as otherwise expressly directed by the other -5-

(d) Return of Information. The receiving party will, at the request of the disclosing party, during the term of this Agreement or thereafter (i) promptly return all Confidential Information and Trade Secrets held or used by the receiving party in whatever form, or (ii) at the discretion of the disclosing party, promptly destroy all such Confidential Information and Trade Secrets, including all copies thereof, and those portions of all documents that incorporate such Confidential Information and/or Trade Secrets.

7. Assignment. Neither party shall have the right to sell, assign, transfer or hypothecate (all hereinafter referred to as “assign” or “assignment”) this Agreement, or delegate any of its obligations hereunder, voluntarily or by operation of law, without the prior written consent of the other party. Any such purported assignment or delegation without such prior written consent shall be null and void and have no force and effect.

(a) Notices. All material notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement shall be in writing and notices will be deemed given three (3) days after they are sent by first class mail, return receipt requested, and one (1) day after they are sent by overnight courier or upon receipt if delivered by hand delivery, to the receiving party’s address as set forth in the first paragraph above, or to such other address that the receiving party may have provided in writing to the other party for purposes of receiving notices as provided in this Section.

(b) Governing Law, Venue and Jurisdiction. This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York, without application of conflict of laws principles.

(c) Force Majeure. Neither party shall be held responsible for any inability to perform occasioned by labor strife, war, riot, fires, embargoes, floods, government requirements, or other similar events beyond the control of such party.

(d) Relationship. WebMD’s relationship to Emdeon shall be that of an independent contractor. Nothing herein shall create any association, partnership, joint venture or agency relationship between WebMD and Emdeon. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, it is expressly understood and agreed that WebMD shall have no authority whatsoever to make any representations or commitments to or enter into any agreements with any third party on behalf of Emdeon.

(e) Severability and Non-Waiver. In the event any provision of this Agreement shall be found to be contrary to any law or regulation of any federal, state or municipal administrative agency or body, the other provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected thereby but shall notwithstanding continue in full force and effect. No waiver by either party hereto of any breach or default by the other party shall be construed to be a waiver of any other breach or default by such other party. Resort to any remedies referred to herein shall not be construed as a waiver of any other rights and remedies to which either party is entitled under this Agreement or otherwise nor shall an election to terminate be deemed an election of remedies or a waiver of any claim for damages or otherwise.

(f) Counterparts. This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed original, but all of which will constitute one and the same instrument.

(g) Complete Agreement. This Agreement, including the attached Exhibits, constitutes the entire understanding between the parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and all prior understandings, whether oral or written, have been merged herein and are superseded hereby. This Agreement may not be altered or modified except in writing signed by both parties hereto. -6-

---------- BAKER & McKENZIE 14th Floor Hutchison House 10 Harcourt Road Hong Kong Tel: 2846-1888 Fax: 2845-0476

16. Governing Law And Arbitration........................................ 7 Execution................................................................ 8 Schedule 1 - Contents -i- THIS AGREEMENT is made the 15th day of December 2001.

(1) CHINA ECONOMIC INFORMATION SERVICE OF XINHUA NEWS AGENCY, the organisation within the Xinhua News Agency that is responsible for news and information operations and business, registered in the People's Republic of China with offices at 57 Xuanwumen Xidajie, Beijing, the People's Republic of China ( "CEIS"); and

(2) XINHUA FINANCIAL NETWORK LIMITED, a company incorporated in Hong Kong whose registered office is at Room 2003-4, Vicwood Plaza, 199 Des Voeux Road Central, Hong Kong ("XFN"), (collectively referred to as "PARTIES"; individually, a "PARTY").

(A) CEIS is the owner and distributor of certain content of Xinhua News Agency relating to financial and economic information;

(B) CEIS wishes to appoint XFN as its licensee to distribute the content to users throughout the world in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. IT IS HEREBY AGREED as follows:

1.1 In this Agreement unless the context otherwise requires the following words shall have the following meaning:

"AFFILIATES" means any company, corporation, partnership, joint venture or other entity that directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by or is under common control with XFN; "CONTENT" means real-time economic news including articles, reports, data, information and such materials that have or have been and/or will be published from time to time and that is or will be in the possession or control of CEIS from time to time, in respect of the subject matters as more particularly described in Schedule 1; EFFECTIVE DATE means 18 May 2000; "INTELLECTUAL means patents, trade marks, service marks, trade names, PROPERTY RIGHTS" design rights (whether registrable or not), any applications for the foregoing, copyright and other assignable intellectual property -1- rights (whether registrable or not) in any country, including but not limited to the format, layout, and the look and feel of any of the Content; "TERM" means the term as set out in Clause 7; and "TERRITORY" means the world excluding the People's Republic of China.

1.2 Words importing the singular number shall include the plural and vice versa.

1.3 Words importing any particular gender shall include all other genders.

1.4 References in this Agreement to Clauses and Schedules are to clauses of and schedules to this Agreement except where otherwise expressly stated.

1.5 Headings are used in this Agreement for the convenience of the Parties only and shall not be incorporated into this Agreement and shall not be deemed to be any indication of the meaning of the Clauses or Schedules to which they relate.

2.1 Exclusive Rights in the Territory: CEIS hereby grants XFN and its Affiliates an exclusive license (free of all third-party liens, claims and encumbrances) to, and to permit others to, during the Term in the Territory:

(a) store or cache the Content in one or more host computers controlled directly or indirectly by XFN or its Affiliates;

(b) adapt, translate, modify, reproduce, copy, amend, revise or encode the Content; and

(c) publish, broadcast, distribute, re-distribute, transmit, display, make available to the public or otherwise exploit the Content in any manner by any device or in media now or hereafter known.

2.2 Non-exclusive Rights in the People's Republic of China: CEIS hereby grants XFN and its Affiliates a non-exclusive license (free of all third-party liens, claims and encumbrances) to, and to permit others to, during the Term in the People's Republic of China:

(a) store or cache the Content in one or more host computers controlled directly or indirectly by XFN or its Affiliates;

(b) adapt, translate, modify, reproduce, copy, amend, revise or encode the Content; and

(c) publish, broadcast, distribute, re-distribute, transmit, display, make available to the public or otherwise exploit the Content in any manner by any device or in

-2- media now or hereafter known. During the Term, CEIS agrees not to appoint any other licensees for the distribution of the Content in the People's Republic of China.

2.3 The Intellectual Property Rights to use "Xinhua" as the first name of XFN and its affiliates world-wide.

2.4 All Intellectual Property Rights and other proprietary rights in any translated, amended, revised or updated Content independently created by XFN ("AMENDED CONTENT") shall automatically vest in XFN.

2.5 XFN and/or its Affiliates have the right at any time to suspend or cease distributing or making the Content available to the public.

2.6 XFN and/or its Affiliates are entitled to publish or distribute content of any third party where such content is similar to or competitive with the Content.

2.7 XFN and/or its Affiliate(s) shall have the right to charge users to access or view the Content and/or sub-license the Content to third parties for re-distribution to users. Revenues generated thereby shall be for the account of XFN or its Affiliates, and CEIS shall not be entitled to, nor make any action, claim or demand in relation thereto. XFN's only payment obligation to CEIS in consideration of the rights granted pursuant to this Clause 2 is set forth in Clause 4.

2.8 XFN does not intend and is not under any obligation to edit or review the Content licensed herein for accuracy or appropriateness or compliance with any applicable laws or regulations.

3.1 During the Term of this Agreement, CEIS shall supply the Content of XFN by such means of delivery or transmission as may be reasonably required by XFN including by online transmission.

3.2 CEIS shall use its best endeavours to ensure that the Content is made available to XFN on a continuous, uninterrupted real-time basis.

4.1 In consideration of the rights and obligations of the Parties, XFN shall pay to CEIS US$1.1 million (United States Dollars One Million and One Source: XINHUA SPORTS & ENTERTAINMENT LTD, F-1, 2/21/2007

Hundred Thousand) for a term of twenty (20) years, in cash or such other consideration as the Parties may agree. The payment schedule shall be by five (5) instalments of US$220,000 each. The first instalment will be effect on condition that XFN can raise at least US$1.1 million additional funding in 2002.

5.1 CEIS represents and warrants to XFN that during the Term of this Agreement:

(a) CEIS is and shall remain entitled to grant to XFN the license to use the Content and other rights contained herein, free of all third-party liens, claims and encumbrances;

(b) use of any Content by XFN in the manner contemplated by this Agreement does not and will not infringe any Intellectual Property Rights or other proprietary rights of any third party;

(c) neither the Content nor any part thereof contains anything which is obscene, indecent, seditious, offensive, defamatory, threatening, liable to incite racial hatred, discriminatory, menacing or in breach of confidence;

(d) the Content complies with and will comply with all applicable laws and regulations;

(e) with respect to the provision of the Content, CEIS has acquired all requisite licenses, permissions and clearances for XFN to exercise the rights granted herein;

(f) the Content is and will be reasonably accurate at the time of each delivery to XFN;

(g) CEIS is a statutory body with legal person status validly existing under the laws of the People's Republic of China, being its jurisdiction of organization, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement for and on its behalf has been duly and properly authorised by all required action, and Mr. Wang Zhongming, the Legal Representative of CEIS has been duly authorised to execute and deliver this Agreement for and on behalf of CEIS;

(h) this Agreement is a valid and binding legal obligation enforceable against it in accordance with its terms; and

(i) the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not and will not:

(i) require any authorization, consent, filing, registration or notice of or with any government agency in the People's Republic of China or Hong Kong; or

(ii) result in any violation or breach of any agreement, obligation or order to which it is a party or to which it is subject.

6.1 CEIS shall fully indemnify XFN and hold XFN harmless from and against any and all costs, expenses, loss, damages, liabilities, claims and proceedings which may be incurred or suffered by or taken against XFN in relation to:

(a) the exercise by XFN of the rights granted herein; and

(b) any breach by CEIS of any provision of this Agreement or any act,

7.1 This Agreement shall take effect from the Effective Date and continue in full force and effect for twenty (20) years thereafter, unless otherwise terminated in accordance with Clause 8.

7.2 This Agreement may be renewed for an additional term of ten (10) years by notice in writing given by XFN to CEIS at the expiry of the Term, for a consideration to be mutually agreed.

8.1 XFN may terminate this Agreement by giving thirty (30) days written notice to the CEIS.

(a) if the other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement which is not capable of being remedied;

(b) if the other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement which is capable of being remedied but not remedied within thirty (30) days upon receiving written notice from the non-breaching party requiring remedy; and

(a) CEIS shall terminate the transmission of the Content with immediate effect; and

(b) in the event that this Agreement is terminated prior to the expiry of the Term, XFN shall recover any sums paid to CEIS in advance for the unexpired Term of this Agreement, together with interest from the date those sums were paid until the date of full refund.

9. FURTHER ASSURANCE Each Party agrees, at its own expense, to take any further action and to execute any further documents or instruments as the other Party may reasonably request to give effect to the transactions contemplated by, and to the terms of, this Agreement. In particular, and without limiting the foregoing, the Parties agree to amend this Agreement as may be necessary to comply with applicable laws, including without limitation the laws of the People's Republic of China.

10. ENTIRE AGREEMENT; AMENDMENTS This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between CEIS and XFN and supersedes any prior written or oral agreement between them in relation to its subject matter. Any amendment of this Agreement shall be in writing and signed by CEIS and XFN.

11. SEVERANCE If at any time any provision of this Agreement is or becomes illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any respect, the legality, validity and enforceability of the remaining provisions of this Agreement shall not be affected or impaired thereby.

12. NO WAIVER Failure of either Party to require strict performance of any of the terms and conditions herein shall not be deemed a waiver of any rights or Source: XINHUA SPORTS & ENTERTAINMENT LTD, F-1, 2/21/2007 remedies that either Party shall have and shall not be deemed a waiver of any subsequent default of terms and conditions thereof.

13. COSTS AND EXPENSES Each party shall bear its own costs (including but not limited to legal costs) and disbursements of and incidental to the preparation, negotiation and execution of this Agreement and all ancillary documentation.

14. COUNTERPARTS This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument.

15. NOTICE Each notice, demand or other communication given or made under this Agreement shall -6- be in writing and delivered or sent to the relevant Party's Managing Director or General Manager at its aforesaid address (or such other address as the addressee may specify by five days' prior written notice to the other Party). Any notice, demand or other communication so addressed to the relevant Party shall be deemed to have been delivered (a) if given or made by letter by hand, when actually delivered to the relevant address against receipt; (b) if given or made by letter by post, two business days after posting; and (c) if given or made by fax, when dispatched and received in good order.

16.1 The English language version shall prevail in the event of any discrepancy between the interpretation of the English and the Chinese versions of this Agreement. This Agreement is governed by and shall be construed in accordance with the laws of Hong Kong

16.2 The Parties shall attempt to resolve any dispute, controversy or claim arising out of this Agreement through good faith consultation and negotiations. If the Parties fail to resolve the dispute through negotiation, such dispute shall be referred to and be resolved by arbitration in accordance with the UNCITRAL Arbitration Rules as may be amended from time to time. The place of arbitration shall be in Hong Kong. The language to be used in the arbitral proceedings shall be English. There shall be one arbitrator to be agreed by Parties. If the Parties are unable to agree on an arbitrator, the International Chamber of Commerce shall appoint one.

-7- IN WITNESS WHEREOF this Agreement has been executed on the day and year first above written. SIGNED BY ) ) for and on behalf of ) CHINA ECONOMIC INFORMATION ) /s/ SERVICE OF XINHUA NEWS ) ---------------------------------- AGENCY ) in the presence of:- ) ) ) /s/ ) --------------------------- Source: XINHUA SPORTS & ENTERTAINMENT LTD, F-1, 2/21/2007 SIGNED BY ) ) for and on behalf of ) XINHUA FINANCIAL NETWORK ) /s/ LIMITED ) ---------------------------------- in the presence of:- ) ) ) /s/ ) --------------------------- -8- SCHEDULE 1 - CONTENT -9- Source: XINHUA SPORTS & ENTERTAINMENT LTD, F-1, 2/21/2007